I can't believe I'm writing this. I, along with my entire family, was KICKED OUT of Tucker's this evening for eating a pint of their mint chip ice cream. Yes, you read that right.After a brief wait in line, our group had selected 4 items- 2 scoops in a cup, a hot fudge sundae, a scoop in a dipped waffle cone, and a pint of mint chip ice cream. We took a seat, ready to enjoy our treats. After a few bites a man, perceivably the owner, approached our table. Without any form of introduction, he informed us that because we had purchased a "quart" (it was a pint, know your own products man) which was a bulk form of product, we needed to leave.After having already ordered 3 items and verbally confirming that we would be eating "here," not a single one of the scooper boys mentioned anything about the incompatibility of our orders. Did the ownder offer to replace our pint with a few scoops of mint chip ice cream to resolve this issue? No. Did he take responsibility and explain his actions? No, he told us that it was the fault of "your government, not me." Did he make any effort at all to rectify the situation as we scooped up our belongings and voiced our discontentment with his absolute insensitivity? Not even a little.We grabbed our coats and took our ice cream into the 50 degree weather outside, abruptly ending a rare family evening that had begun with a viewing of the new Star Wars film at the Alameda theatre (its pretty damn good btw, from a die hard fan).I get it, business is dwindling and he was probably scared shitless of a government officer strolling in to police the consumption of bulk ice cream at 10pm on a Thursday evening. But COME ON. Have you ever heard of customer service?I have read other reviewers complaining of rude treatment toward individuals who are of a race other than caucasian. The pint of mint chip was ordered by my African American spouse, a factor I never assumed was at play in this incident. It's so so disheartening to experience racism in the wonderful haven of the east bay area that I call home.I have been going to this ice cream shop since I wasn't even tall enough to see the ice cream flavors. I remember being mesmerized by the exquisite wedding cake display that always used to be sitting in the front entryway window. I had my 10th birthday party in their upstairs dining room in 2005.I'm truly disgusted, saddened, and confused to be having to voice such a negative review. But I have never experienced the level of blatant disrespect and lack of effort that the owner of Tucker's showed today.I will not be back, neither will my friends.
We learned this the hard way, via an elderly fellow bluntly and insistently telling us to leave because one of my family members had got a hand-packed pint and wanted to sit down and eat with the rest of us.The PSA is so nobody else has to go through what we went through--the confusion, hurt, and upset of a guy telling us to get out of an ice cream store that I was previously a proud customer of for over twenty years.  I'm only twenty-five.Nowhere is it stated that such a rule exists.  Nowhere is there a warning posted that you will be asked to leave if someone in your party buys a "bulk product" and attempts to sit at a table.  I don't believe that such a law is common-knowledge, nor do I believe that a simple "don't worry about this time, but please refrain in the future" wouldn't have sufficed on the old man's part.  It doesn't help that it just so happens that the guy who had the pint was the only black guy in the store and the elderly fellow was white.  I don't think it was a race issue but, to the guy who got singled out, I can only imagine what it must have felt like.  To be surrounded by family sitting down eating ice cream and laughing one second only to have your choice of ice cream result in your entire party being told to get up and get out...I won't be coming back.  I don't think an experience this terrible is something I can forgive, and there are far better ice cream places in the East Bay.  I'm writing this so you, at least, won't try to order a bulk product and sit down with your family; so you can avoid the disastrous end to an otherwise excellent evening that I and mine had to go through.And if that elderly fellow or someone who works with him reads this, post some ---- signs if there's an item on your menu that you sell that can get someone kicked out of your store.  It's the absolute, bare-minimum you can do.
I've usually always had a great and positive experience there until tonight. I ordered a regular size sundae to share with my husband and 2 year old. I was very nice to the girl at the counter. I asked her for a tiny spoon and an extra dish so I could put a little bit of ice cream in it for my daughter so she could eat on her own. She gave me the spoon but would not give me a dish. I asked why and she said she would have to charge me for a scoop and I said but it's an empty dish and she got an attitude and said no again. What the heck?? Charge me for an empty dish? What terrible customer service. I did not get her name but she was wearing a white tuckers shirt with a pink long sleeve shirt underneath and her black hair in a bun. What a disappointment!
I would never go to McDonalds, but alas...I have growing kids who make me test my discipline on not eating the famous McDonalds fries! And now Bay Area McDonalds sell Gilroy Garlic Fries!Oh no. Not good for me!This McDonalds has the sticky floor and unclean feeling when you step in. You order and get out if possible with the option of giving money to the homeless person always sitting inside.2 stars + 1 star for the Shoreline location.
Was going to try the Gilroy garlic fries, but changed my mind when I saw how they were prepared. The employee put gloves on which is great. However, he put them on first then went and touched the fry basket that was in the deep fryer to take the fries out (other employees have handled the fry basket bare handed), then came over to the fry bin and touched the fry scooper (which other employees have handled bare handed) to put fries in a bowl, then moved to the garlic fries prep "station" and touched all the utensils to put the garlic & parsley into the bowl of fries, and finally used his now "contaminated" gloved hands to mix the fries and garlic together. I'm thinking that's a health and safety food issue.
This place does look like a third world country type of restaurant, the seat all torn apart and everything else looks so old disgusting. I wish they would invest a bit more to this beautiful part of Alameda.
Worse Chipotle ever.  The staff was rude af, I had to repeat myself multiple times and they had the look of frustration and anger whenever I made any requests.  My meal was definitely rushed and the quality definitely suffered, it felt like I was squeezed through an assembly line.
This branch of Chipotle is not a regular one. The quality is completely different. Everything tastes off. The staff is not attentive at all, yet it is very hard to communicate with then
This place is so disappointing.  I ordered the spicy vegetable curry.  It only came with three pieces of grilled vegetable: one slice of eggplant, one thin slice of green pepper, and one asparagus, and some curry sauce and rice.   But they charged $7 for it.  They should give a little more vegetables.The curry was not that amazing.  It tastes like the curry blocks you can buy from any Asian superstore.  They just added some onions.For $7 lunch, I am very disappointed.  I could spent this amount in any restaurants nearby and get way better quality food.
I'm confused as to why this place is getting such high reviews. I know it's on a truck, but that doesn't excuse JapaCurry for having less-than-mediocre curry. I ordered the pork cutlet curry. It was quite disappointing.The sauce had a bit too much cumin and was more on the sweet side than what I would prefer. No veggies when I know for a fact the Japanese put in at least carrots in their curry. What bothered me the most was that the curry wasn't even spicy at all! I had to eat it with kimchi borrowed from the kalbi taco truck parked a few feet away. The pork cutlet was dry and flavorless--not happy!! I also didn't like the fact that the pickled radish wasn't contained separately from the rice and curry. It got lost at the bottom of my rice and stained it with a hot pink, reddish hue. By the time I found it, I wasn't able to enjoy it with my curry because I had already gotten full.Okay, I get that being served from a truck doesn't allow for A+ presentation, and I do give JapaCurry 1 star for attracting me with their decked out cutesy truck and branding. However, there is absolutely no reason why the basic curry sauce should be compromised.Sorry, Mr. Hamada and JapaCurry fans. I no like.
Got the fried pork curry over rice.  Bland and overpriced.  A huge portion of rice, and not much else.  Pork was cooked well, but the curry had little flavor, and was not "spicy". For $8 you could be eating katsu don at a real restaurant. And all the bento boxes are pre made. Are they even trying?
Had the japanese fried chicken--soggy. The last thing fried chicken should be. Also had the curry on top and honestly, the curry was nothing special despite lots of people raving about it.
My coworkers love this place but me? Not so much. The food itself was rather bland (had the chicken). Also, few hours later, I got pretty bad indigestion, not food poisoning just felt really unwell soon after. So no, probably not going back. No matter how awesome their truck smells when I'm on my way to lunch ANYWHERE ELSE.
The beef bento meat was so hard and sinewy it was like eating marinated rubber bands. I still have some wedged between my teeth so tight that I can't even floss it out.
Ordered the curry sandwich. 4 dollars for bread covered in panko. Had to bite all the way to the middle to get a taste of curry. Everything else was just deep fried panko. So not worth it. Co worker ordered katsu curry spicy. Food was bland not spicy at all. Sorry Japa Curry, I will not be coming back.
Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but I was not impressed. I got the daily special bento box - the main (salmon) was a tiny piece over lackluster rice. The cold fried chicken was soggy and the rest was a collection of undefined (some of which inedible) pickled things. Won't repeat.
Had this when I was still working in the Financial District.  Not a fan of the Thai curry.  It seemed a little more Indian curry for me.  Definitely wasn't the taste I was expecting.  I was extremely hungry after lunch :(
The food tasted good but there was almost nothing but rice in the box when I opened it.  I got the pumpkin corquette with veggies and there were only 3 bits of vegetables and about 2 pounds of rice.  I won't be going back again.  I can think of better ways of spending $8.
Meh.  I expected more, to be honest.  I got the spicy sausage and curry and while it was decent, it wasn't anything to be excited about.  The pumpkin croquette and curry sounded delicious, though.  Maybe I just got the wrong thing.
There are better curry places in this area than the Japacurry truck.  The meat was bland even after smothering it in their sauce.  And "spicy" means they just sprinkle a tiny bit of chili pepper to the regular sauce.  Not impressed.  Curry wasn't great, but kind of good.  Meh.
Are you kidding me?! A half an hour line for a stinking cutlet with rice with some mediocre curry drizzled over it? And they charge 10$? The food is absolutely mediocre, I don't know whether the people who eat here have terribly low standards for food or whether it's because they're 'riding the latest trends in food'. I'm sick of uninspired fusion cuisines that's characteristic of SF, this is one of them. I would not go back, there are many, MANY places in SF that are much better tasting, larger portions, and cheaper. Don't sell yourself short on this excuse of a food truck selling uninspired Japanese Indian food.
I was well happy in the car with my friend Terry as I thought we were heading to my favourite Pho place for dinner. As we were nearing the restaurant though, Terry turns and says "How about we try Nandos?". I hesitated for a moment but then agreed (I used to have Nandos once a week back in Australia so I assumed I was in for a treat).That ended up being a terrible decision.  My chicken sandwich was bland and flavourless, the fries were OKAY at best. Terry offered me some of his wedges and they were drier then the Sahara Desert.  I would not eat here again and any Australians/English people reading this review and thinking "I wonder if Nandos tastes the same in Canada as it does back home?"   It doesn't
Nando's is a Portuguese style flame-grilled chicken place.  The chicken is quite good and flavorful.  Expect a long line if you aren't there right at noon (for lunch).  We waited a good 20 minutes before we ordered (they don't take orders over the phone).  Another 10minutes later we were eating around 12:40pm.  I'd try to go back here again at dinner if I go back at all.  The hostess could not be found and when she did appear she was clueless.  We asked for a table and she said there were no tables available but she took our name down... After a few minutes we found a few empty tables and just sat down ourselves.  She never did look for us.  Food is OK, service needs improvement.
Boring. You get grilled chicken and some sauces. Might as well get a rotisserie chicken from safeway and buy the nando hot sauces. Save you a lot of money.
I have always loved nandos in every country I have been to but OMG when I tried nandos in calgary I was very disappointed. It's the only nandos in Alberta and the service is awful. People working there are very unfriendly and my husband saw the gu y putting all the sauces in the same container when they were about to close. Basically, different names and same sauce. We asked for garlic and herb sauce and were told that's already packed so we can't have it. The chicken was too hard burnt from outside and uncooked from inside. Place was very untidy with dirty crockery and dishes and glasses. We were very disappointed with the standard of nandos they have in canada or Alberta specifically. Never going back again!
My mother and I decided to stop and Try out Nandos this evening and we got seated and before my Mom or me had a chance to order we started coughing because of the extreme amount of smoke that was in the building by the time we went to order the smoke was overwhelming and we had to walk out my Mom is still coughing we are now taking her to the hospital. I don't recommend anyone go to this place. I'm for sure going to report this to the authorities.
Gave 2 stars cause of the food. Service was horrible and staff seemed to have attitude. Kept subtracting from the tip, Not coming back here again 2 thumbs down
What a disgrace!  This location ruined our Christmas dinner!  Being such fans of Fogo de Chao, we thought it'd be nice to dine at their SF location, since we're always dining at the LA location.  It's safe to say not all locations operate the same.  As soon as we entered and heard the hostess speak, I knew there'd be a problem at this location.  First of all, as a hostess, you should always make eye contact and smile.  Even if you're tired, pretend or, as the expression says, "fake it 'til you make it".  This hostess had such a dry attitude and act as if we were bothering her.  Without making any eye contact, she looked down at the computer screen and mumbled, "name?".  I started to say, "Webster", as in the dictionary, so she could use it to look up the word "courtesy".  Anyway, this dining experience was just starting, in all the bad directions.  We were seated in the middle of the restaurant, in a rather busy area, until we requested to be moved to another table.  This same hostess still hasn't smiled, so we'll just assume she had dental work the previous day and her facial muscles are still sore.  A server came to our table, and appeared to be jovial, but we didn't see him much thereafter.  We made our way to the serving stations but, to our surprise, there wasn't anyone at the meat carving station, and the tri-tip was left unattended for quite some time.  I went to get some of the sweet potato soufflé but the container was empty.  So, I asked one of the employees if they'll be bringing out a new container and he replied, "in about 20 minutes".  Immediately, I thought, we've never had to wait for any food at the LA location, as every food item is replaced almost immediately.  Anyway, we made our way back to our table to wait for the meat to arrive.  For whatever reason, some of these employees seem to rush to the table with the meat, causing the juice from the meat to spill onto the tablecloth.  Then, there were long gaps of time between receiving meat at our table.  After 20 minutes, I went to check on the sweet potato soufflé again, but was informed by the same employee, from 20 minutes prior, that it will be an additional 20 minutes.  At this point, I asked for a Manager and was informed there wasn't a Manager.  What the heck?!  I walked to the front of the restaurant and asked the aloof hostess for the General Manager.  She said she didn't see him but said she'll find him.  I asked for the name of the GM, and requested he, or she, be sent to our table.  Before going back to our table, I decided to stop and get rice but, much to my surprise, the rice container was empty, as well.  To our dismay, it was rather obvious that we'd have to find dinner elsewhere, which would be highly unlikely on a major holiday.  So, when Daniel, the GM, arrived to our table he was very kind and immediately apologized about the sweet potatoes.  Without delay, I informed him that there was much more of a problem than sweet potatoes.  Daniel apologized and ensured us that matters will get better and, unfortunately, they didn't.  All in all, we decided to leave this restaurant.  The staff did come to our table more after we talked with Daniel, but it was obvious that they were forced.  Daniel came back to the table to apologize again, and stated they've been open for only a year.  I'm sorry, but a year is more than enough time to have a well-trained staff for any given business.  I explained to Daniel how amazing and professional their LA location is, and that we frequent that location regularly.  As a courtesy, Daniel comped our meal and provided a gift card for "lunch only" at any of their locations.  That was a nice gesture, but doesn't erase the experience endured at this restaurant.   Hopefully, the GM will take the constructive criticism and apply it accordingly.
We were excited for lunch here given the reviews, but unfortunately didn't have as great of an experience as others. We both got savory crepes. Both of them (one being vegetarian) was just very bland. It had no seasoning and even was a bit dry. You can't beat the price though and they give a decent size portion. Tip: Don't forget about their orange sauce that's in a bottle on the table. That sauce was the best part.
I hate this place. I hate how the workers are horrible and I hate how good the food is. they only let you use card if the order is up to $10 and then he proceeded to make me buy a soda to get it up to ten dollars only to NEVER GET THE SODA
I ordered the chicken combo lunch special with vegetable side today and the person taking the order did not speak English well and had trouble understanding me, so I pointed to menu on the wall, and said I'd like the vegetable side instead of the lentils.  He repeated chicken combo vegetable multiple times because I think he didn't understand.  Finally he put in the order, but he put in the wrong order.  It was only after I got back to my office that I saw they gave me the veggie combo.  I called and explained, but yet again he did not understand and kept saying yes, your order is ready.  I said no, I've already picked up my order, it's the wrong order and he keeps saying  yes, your order is ready. I asked to speak to someone else, and they too didn't speak english.  Eventually I hung up due to frustration.  The veggie combo didnt taste that great either and the salad had no dressing.  This is not a good way to run a business.   I know you've just lost mine.
Ordered for pickup, since last time we ate in, the food was amazing!  And it was really good this time too, except for the STAPLE I FOUND INSIDE MY TIKKA MASALA.  Thanks god I did not choke on it, otherwise, you guys would get into trouble.  Please make sure you watch your ingredients.   Not going to this place ever again.
DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION. The manager nick is a complete a**hole who goes online & makes death threats to random people whom he doesn't even know. It's hard to believe that a great establishment like this place would hire someone so confrontational. What if an angry customer upset him at work? & he's a manager? Are you kidding me? I wouldn't be surprised if he tries to make more threats towards me after this review, but I'm leaving this review to warn everyone so they don't have to deal with someone as horrible as him. Beware all.
At lunch, I'm the type that usually seeks out a unique food truck or will walk 10-15 minutes for a tasty hole-in-the-wall on the outskirts of the FiDi/SoMa.  I've noticed tons of office workers forming insanely large lines at Chipotle for years and finally decided to give it a try.  So the line itself took me roughly 17 minutes to get my burrito.  It rang up at $14.45 and that's *without* any chips or drink.  And worst of all, it was below mediocre, potentially one of the worst lunches I've had in years.  Carnitas & Steak Burrito w/ Guacamole: Anyone who rolls a burrito like this in San Francisco should be ashamed of themselves.  It was a halfhearted attempt to loosely close the sides together; no bunching the ingredients tightly together and no cleanly sealed roll.  I get that there is a good amount of filling, but burrito professionals in the Mission manage to work with similarly large burritos just fine.  For all the talk about fine ingredients, the meat wasn't that great.  The steak had a few gristly bites and the carnitas were very bland and without any sort of crispy texture.  The guacamole was a pretty stingy small clump, despite the upgrade fee.  The beans were nice though, probably the one highlight.  Had a bit of sticker shock at the register: $14.45.  For that price, you could eat like a king at any Mission taqueria (and they won't charge you for chips & salsa).
Standard food, but super slow. Hire more ppl, and get the lines moving.   Doesn't seem complicated, and get they are trying to lower costs, but can't wait in line for this.
Not as good as they used to be. And of course a bit pricey. Paid $14 for a burrito with only rice, beef, steak and sour cream!
Poor service. Felt as if server didn't want to make my salad and when I requested her to top off w lettuce, she seemed annoyed. Didn't receive salad dressing w my order either.
Something is wrong with the way this location is managed. The food is tasteless. There is a lack of caring about the product. , the tables are dirty and there is an overall uncleanliness about the place. I predict the next Chipoltle food poisoning will come from this location.
This is literally the worst chipotle I have ever been to, and I love chipotle. The staff was rude and put the wrong salsa on my bowl. When I told her I had asked for mild and not hot she told me I needed to "learn to speak up" um.... I'm an Italian from New York so I assure you I am not soft spoken. The place was really loud and you had to yell over the sneeze guard but somehow that wasn't the reason she didn't hear me, like its my fault? Then she just throws my bowl in the garbage and literally slams my guacamole down hard on the counter. It was ridiculous I was so shocked. I would have told management but I had to go to an appointment after.  Usually chipotle is a good experience and the staff is friendly but this bitch ass lady was very disgruntled.  Oh and the sink in the bathroom didn't work and a (nice) employee told me it had been broken for 2 months.
The food is good but Horrible customer service.!! Rude people if you don't like your job find something better to do..!!!
Looking for a Mongolian BBQ place in the eastbay. Decided to give this place a try. The place has a very outdated decor. The food is decent. Nothing to brag about. A bug of some sort flew into my daughter's food. That was the deal breaker for us. We wont be returning.
1 star for the 3 very nice waitresses who work here; and 1 star for nostalgic reason.   I used to love this place when I was in high school 17 years ago. Back then, my HS buddies and I used to have an eating contest where we try to eat the most food that we can. We'd stack up the used plates and compared them when we could eat no more. The loser have to foot the bill for the group. Price was $4.50 for lunch, and the food was good. Those were the good times.   Sadly, this place has gone downhill ever since. The food selection hardly changed in the past 17+ years. It seems like the cooks know only a fixed number of dishes, so that all they make night in and night out. Other AYCE joints try to vary the selection once in a while. But this place have been offering the same exact menu all these years! The selection is extremely limited! They also keep the same old decoration in place. You can tell right away that this joint is at least 2 decades old the moment you walk in. What does changes is the price. It has been steadily creeping up; like 50 cents every 10 months. Lunch is now $8.95, and dinner is $12.95. If you include tax and tip, a weekday dinner will set you back over $16. For the kind of food you're getting, it's a major rip off.   I used to go here once every 2 months because of nostalgia. With the recent price increase, I won't be back anymore. It's just not worth it to eat the same tired food, sitting in a sad, dirty restaurant. There's a lot better choices on Park St. I really don't understand how this place can survive. There's hardly any customers during dinner time. I hope the owners get their act together and really fix it up. I would love to patronize them again one day.
Awful food, got sick to my stomach so did my family  Please waste money on them,  When I called and told them the guy who I talk to said this is what u get for buffet  I am super piss about the money I Wasted Even management sucks
Got sick here last weekend.  3 days of bad stomach pain, runs, and whatnot.  Been here many times, this is a first for getting sick.  :-(  Don't know if I'll be back.. but the service is so good!
Horrible! I came in on a week day for the $8.45 lunch buffet. Sounds like a good deal however "you get what you pay for" has never rang so true. The place was dirty. The selection was VERY limited for a buffet. EVERY entrée I tried was nasty and cold, they couldn't even get the basics right like sweet and sour pork or chowmein. Save your $8.45 and go elsewhere. I wouldn't even eat there again if it were free and I was broke! Zero stars!
A disgusting restaurant which should be considered an insult to Chinese cooking. Food is left out in front of heat lamps for god knows how long, rude and incompetent waitresses who stare if you get too much food and the price was the biggest slap in the face -- $35 for two for dinner.  Gross.
My tip to you, go somewhere else! I came for the $8.45 lunch buffet, I wouldnt go back if they paid me $845. The food wasnt to temperature everything was very bland, or tasted like they picked it up from the bait shop, and the selection was horrible! Unless youre dying of thirst I wouldnt step foot through the door, because my glass of water was about the only thing they got right.
Sometimes ok, usually nasty. The food in the line is normally luke warm, don't know how they get this past the local health dept. The dessert bar is dirty, and shit, only one soda? They charge for refills! Never go back.A disgrace for Chinese cooking. The extra star? I don't know, trying to be nice I guess.
Worst, terrible worst buffet I ever had. Poor food selection , terrible food quality and mostly fried unhealthy stuff. This business should close.
This place was recommended by a friend.  First visit was during the week, and it was a 3 star experience.  1st visit, food was fresh and plentiful.  Second visit was on a weekend - paid more and got much less.  The trays were only half full of food, obviously just sat there for a long time.  The place really needs to be cleaned....just felt really dirty.  Probably will not be going back.
