Where's all my chicken lovers at? If you LOVE chicken then you'll absolutely will LOVE Nando's.  Located along 32nd Street close to Sunridge Nissan and just minutes away from Sunridge Mall, you can't miss it!   The reason why Nando's deserve 5 stars all around is because they have efficient service, great customer service, great parking, quality of food, and the plating is superb.  If you haven't been to Nando's then I'll break it down for you, if not feel free to skip this part and read the next paragraph below! Basically how Nando's work is that you'll get seated at a table with a number don't forget that number because you'll need it when ordering your food. Upon receiving their menu there's a lot of choices to choose from for chicken: double leg, skewers, 1/4 chicken, 1/2 chicken, and whole. Feeling like you want more for yourself? They do have entree size with suggestive servings per person. They also have a variety of sides with two sizes, normal or Nando's size for $3 more. The plating between the two size does make a difference fyi. Once you've chosen what you want and how "hot" you want your chicken just head to the front counter and tell the cashier what you want and your table number, then from there you can grab your drinks, sauces, and cutlery and wait back at your table.  Pro tip: just ask for water and you can choose to get pop instead since you fill it up on your own plus it's bottomless. Saving yourself from that $2.75!  My girlfriend, brother and I ordered three separated dishes. The wait time wasn't that long it came in a timely matter. The food was great! Chicken was juicy, marinated and grilled to perfection and the plating was astonishing. I ordered the classic combo which consists of a whole chicken, a Nando's side and a choice of Portuguese buns or garlic bread - suggestive for two people but hey I can devour that on my own (I was a little bit hungry before hand to be honest), my brother ordered a half chicken with two separated sauces and a size of mash, while my girlfriend order a quarter chicken with Peri Peri fries. We had three different sauces for each plate, lemon & herb, hot, and extra hot. To me the hot and extra hot is the same and to be honest it's not actually hot at all.  Overall satisfied with our visit and I would strongly recommend Nando's to anyone who wants to try something new and to those chicken lovers out there. Definitely would come back again soon.
Nando's grill was such a neat experience and the food was tasty. I had a veggie burger it was smothered in the house made spicy sauce, wasn't really my cup of tea but the chicken was wonderful, or so I was told as I am a vegetarian :)
Very tasty, lemon herb chicken and garlic mashed were excellent. Bit of a pain ordering ( having to stand in line) but the food is worth it. I can't wait to go back.
We eat here about once a month! Although my child is a vegetarian we still fully enjoy the menu and I now have a new favourite item on the menu! The Holloumi cheese and portobello wrap! Best vegetarian dish I've ever had! I'm not one but it's so good that's what have.  But of course the chicken is amazing, and the Peri Peri sauce is why we come.  Usually, there is a line up, but don't be discouraged, it's worth the wait! Besides that should be a testament to how many people enjoy the food.    The structure was an old Pizza Hut, but about a year ago the remodelled and they must have hired a great designer because the facelift does not show any sign of the old "hut". Family dinning for sure, pretty relaxed. Never had an issue with the service, besides having to wait most times. But we love the food so much we know it's worth it.
Chicken is soooo good, i can eat a whole chicken by myself.   super healthy and great food. make sure you try the chicken liver.
Been dying to try this place and finally decided to go NYE. I've tried Espetus before. Similar concept but I have to say I like this restaurant more for almost every reason. Firstly, the ambiance and decor are spot on. Makes you feel cozy and fancy. Also, the service was great. The meat servers were so quick that my plate was filled with meat before I even got a chance to try any of it. Had to quickly flip my stop sign before another server came. The servers were so nice and really helpful in getting us the meats we want whether it be how it was cooked or which meat selection it was. Only thing I would mention that is inferior to Espetus is the market table. Less selection but no big deal since I barely ate any of it, saving room for the meat.   My favorite meat was the filet mignon, go figure. It was so juicy and just melted in my mouth. Really seasoned well and seriously the best thing ever. The lamb was also one of my other favorites. The garlic flavoring was everything! If I were to come again, I would just pass on everything else and load up on these two.   Another thing worth mentioning is the cheesy bread! Never had anything like it before but it was super good!
Birthday dinner!   My boyfriend took me to Fogo de Chao for my 28th birthday last week. He has Brazilian friends and they love the restaurant. Can't stop raving about it. Well, almost a year since I heard about it, he made a reservation for my birthday.   When the host retrieved our reservations, she immediately wished me "Happy Birthday!" They sat us in a calmer section away from the crowds, but with a view of the meat kitchen. So cool! The meal was almost $60 per person, but essentially it's an all you can eat steakhouse, so it's worth it.   The sides were also delicious. I loved the garlic mashed potatoes, polenta fries, plantains, and Brazilian cheese bread.  My favorite was the low sirloin that has salt crystals grilled onto its sides. The other meat dishes were great, too. Definitely don't leave without trying their house streak.  We also ordered a bottle of Alamos red wine ($48).  I also got a complimentary molten lava cake dessert for my birthday. Delicious! My boyfriend was trying really hard to suppress his sugar craving, but he had to have a couple bites (basically half of the cake).   Fogo de Chao is a great place for a special occasion. Definitely a must try experience.   Tip 1: If you sign up for their newsletter, they will give you a $15 discount on your first meal.   Tip 2: They are also running a Valentine special. Eat on Valentines week, and receive a free meal card for your next visit. Great deal!
You know that episode of I Love Lucy where she and Ethel frantically worked the chocolate assembly line but just couldn't keep up?   Well, that's all I felt at Fogo. The meats just kept coming! And coming! And coming! It was my first time at a Brazilian BBQ place. I felt like I was in an eating contest and losing quickly. Ha.  A lean, fit guy sat at the table next to us, dining alone. He declared with a laugh when the hostess inquired whether it was his first time there: "Definitely not." I had nothing better to do after eating like a fiend for 15 minutes and realizing that I was bursting at the seams, so I sat and watched him. His only loot from the salad bar was three slices of bacon. After that, nothing but medium rare beef. Smart move!   I'd recommend the top sirloin and ribeye. Skip everything else if you have the discipline.  As for me...doubtful I'd go back. It's delicious, but I need help with portion control and I know it.
You know that episode of I Love Lucy where she and Ethel frantically worked the chocolate assembly line but just couldn't keep up?   Well, that's all I felt at Fogo. The meats just kept coming! And coming! And coming! It was my first time at a Brazilian BBQ place. I felt like I was in an eating contest and losing quickly. Ha.  A lean, fit guy sat at the table next to us, dining alone. He declared with a laugh when the hostess inquired whether it was his first time there: "Definitely not." I had nothing better to do after eating like a fiend for 15 minutes and realizing that I was bursting at the seams, so I sat and watched him. His only loot from the salad bar was three slices of bacon. After that, nothing but medium rare beef. Smart move!   I'd recommend the top sirloin and ribeye. Skip everything else if you have the discipline.  As for me...doubtful I'd go back. It's delicious, but I need help with portion control and I know it.
Been dying to try this place and finally decided to go NYE. I've tried Espetus before. Similar concept but I have to say I like this restaurant more for almost every reason. Firstly, the ambiance and decor are spot on. Makes you feel cozy and fancy. Also, the service was great. The meat servers were so quick that my plate was filled with meat before I even got a chance to try any of it. Had to quickly flip my stop sign before another server came. The servers were so nice and really helpful in getting us the meats we want whether it be how it was cooked or which meat selection it was. Only thing I would mention that is inferior to Espetus is the market table. Less selection but no big deal since I barely ate any of it, saving room for the meat.   My favorite meat was the filet mignon, go figure. It was so juicy and just melted in my mouth. Really seasoned well and seriously the best thing ever. The lamb was also one of my other favorites. The garlic flavoring was everything! If I were to come again, I would just pass on everything else and load up on these two.   Another thing worth mentioning is the cheesy bread! Never had anything like it before but it was super good!
You know that episode of I Love Lucy where she and Ethel frantically worked the chocolate assembly line but just couldn't keep up?   Well, that's all I felt at Fogo. The meats just kept coming! And coming! And coming! It was my first time at a Brazilian BBQ place. I felt like I was in an eating contest and losing quickly. Ha.  A lean, fit guy sat at the table next to us, dining alone. He declared with a laugh when the hostess inquired whether it was his first time there: "Definitely not." I had nothing better to do after eating like a fiend for 15 minutes and realizing that I was bursting at the seams, so I sat and watched him. His only loot from the salad bar was three slices of bacon. After that, nothing but medium rare beef. Smart move!   I'd recommend the top sirloin and ribeye. Skip everything else if you have the discipline.  As for me...doubtful I'd go back. It's delicious, but I need help with portion control and I know it.
Staff was absolutely amazing,  food was mouthwatering, and ambiance was convivial.  A perfect place to celebrate!
I was lucky to have my friend Heather pay for my birthday meal here.  Usually when you go to a place like Fogo, you have to have a plan.  What do you eat?  What do you not eat?  What is in that gray area where you can go either way?  Alcohol or no alcohol?  These are just a few questions on what every diner at Fogo has to answer during their time here.  Unfortunately, I did not have those questions in mind when I came here.  I pretty much sat down, ordered a drink, went to salad bar and avoided all carbs as much as possible, and then waited for the meat to come.  Friendly warning, the salad bar is no joke.  There is a lot of good stuff there and it's very tempting to get one of "everything" but that will lead you to disaster and take up precious stomach space for the meat bonanza.  I highly recommend filling only half of your plate.  When the meat comes, I usually go for things like filet, ribeye, lamb, and other more elaborate preparations or high quality meat.  Fogo has a thing about doing sirloin and preparing it different ways.  For me, I certainly wasn't going to waste space on sirloin but again, you may feel differently.  When the meat is sitting there on a skewer in front of your face, your first instinct is to just say "yes" and ask for a piece.  Then another person comes by and does the same thing and another person...and another person...the endless cycle continues until you flip your circular button to the colored red side.  Also don't forget about the cheese bread, mashed potatoes, the yuca, and the fried plantains at the table.  They will also refill that for you as well so be mindful of your stomach capacity.  Service of course was great although at some point, food coma set in after the first hour or so in combination with the alcohol and large amounts of meat.  I do remember that our server checked in on us many times and the manager even paid a visit to our table.  This place is truly first rate in terms of how proper service functions.    This place is definitely a special occasion sort of place.  I almost wish that I had more special occasions just to come here more often.  As for whether they are on par or better than competitors like Espetus, that's up to you to decide.
Excellent lunch with co-workers today. Everyone enjoyed the variety of choices and the taste of everything. Finished with luscious key lime pie. Food coma for the rest of the day. Will definitely come back.
I need to update my review. We came back randomly yesterday night and the food was still yummy! But what stood out was Stewart! He came around selling shrimp and cocktails and you know what his southern charm worked! Who could say no to that accent and kindness. We would go back just to see him again! Great service goes a long way!
My first time trying Ethiopian food and Tadu did not disappoint! I ordered beef sambussa for an appetizer and the vegetable combo with lamb tibs for my entree, which could have served 2-3 people. Wish I could have brought my leftovers back home with me but unfortunately I had to head straight to the airport afterwards for a flight. The beef sambussa came with a spicy sauce and was piping hot and delicious. It was a bit on the greasy side, but extremely yummy. The vegetable combo and lamb tibs was presented on an unfurled piece of injera, which is a spongey sort of flatbread. The first thing I thought of when I looked at it was my slight case of "trypophobia" (don't look it up on Google if you're uncomfortable with images of clustered, small holes)...but the subtle taste and texture was amazing. There was also a side of extra rolled up injera for you to eat the wat (Ethiopian stew that has a similar consistency to hummus). I personally LOVED the types of wat I got - they were so flavorful and some of them definitely had a kick to them.  The lamb tibs were also quite yummy and I loved the smokiness to them.   Ambience-wise, the place is quite colorful and cute. It's very small and probably only seats less than 20 people. The food comes out very quickly. One slight detraction to the restaurant is its location in Tenderloin, a neighborhood that slightly gives me the heebie-jeebies as a young woman by myself. As I did not feel comfortable walking in the area, I simply Ubered to and from the restaurant - no big deal. The food definitely makes this place worth it! And the service was awesome. Check it out!
Most definitely one of my favorite Ethiopian restaurants!! My mom is quite a foodie, and didn't like Ethiopian food after I brought her to a different Ethiopian restaurant. I told her to give it one more shot& brought her here. this place totally changed her opinion on Ethiopian food!! We've been here 2 times in the last week   Usually order the veggie combo.. nice to get a little bit of everything. 4 different Ethiopian dishes & served w salad and injera (pancake like bread). I don't know why but my mom loves how this place slice the injera into smaller pieces (most Ethiopian places I've been to serve the injera in giant pancake shape)  some Ethiopian places don't seem to have the best service.... (not sure why)... but this place was very friendly. the lady that cooks& takes orders is very nice& welcoming   will definitely be back!
One of my favorites, Tadu has never disappointed me. I have been there almost 20 times already and take anyone who visits San Francisco. Tucked away on a not so glamorous Tenderloin area, this is really a gem of a place. On some days you do have to wait as it's really a popular place and since the seating space is not much, there can be a bit of a wait, but it's always worth it. The sambusa and the veggie combo are the best on the menu. The flavors are extremely well balanced. You must try the Ethiopian coffee as well! Injiras are soft and flavorful as well. A total value for money!
I've had this spot bookmarked for the longest time since I love Ethiopian food -- glad I finally had a chance to try it!  Nice small family run restaurant with impeccable service. They checked on us multiple times to see how the food was & if we needed anything. Like all the Ethiopian restaurants I've been to (& it's honestly quite a few!), there's a sink outside the restroom since it's customary to eat with your hands. Look mom, no utensils!   We started off with the Beef Sambussa appetizer which was perfectly crispy & very flavorful -- a must order! If you're not quite sure what to order, the veggie combo platter is a good place to start & to that depending on how hungry you are, you can add some protein dishes. For two people, a Veggie Combo Platter plus Lamb Tibs was more than enough. In fact we were stuffed silly but a good kind of full since the food was so delicious! The veggie platter came with yellow & red lentils as well as collard greens. My favorites were the lamb tibs & yellow lentils. I love the experience of eating Ethiopian food because it's very colorful & the spongy injera is the perfect way to scoop up bite sizes of deliciousness. They must've recognized my friend who is a regular since they gave us complimentary dessert.  Perfect for smaller parties. It's a small spot so if you come with a party larger than 4 you might have some difficulty finding a large enough table. They deliver via Eat24.   Tadu, thanks for the wonderful food & great service. Looking forward to the next visit!
Excellent food and service! We had a great experience at Tadu from the moment we walked in. The space is small but we got a table for two immediately at 8:15 on a Saturday night. We ordered the beef sambussa, veggie combo and lamb tibs. Sambussa were flavorful and perfectly crisp. They also came with a really good dipping sauce (next time I'll ask them to keep that at the table for the meal--it's a great condiment).  Veggie combo and lamb were perfect. I liked the lentil wat and cabbage/potato the best. We weren't crazy about the salad in the middle. The lamb tibs were cooked perfectly! The njera here is really light:airy and not too sour. It was the perfect accompaniment!  For about $40 including tip, this is now one of our favorite places in the nabe.
I've been a lover of Ethiopian food for some time & i gotta say this place is pretty delicious. This placed turned my extremely picky Jamaican boyfriend into a lover as well. Every time we're in San Fran he wants to come back for more. Even the presentation on your plate is beautiful! The injera = delicious, veggie combo = delicious , kitfo =delicious... I posted a picture a while back of the kitchen staff and although they are not Ethiopian they definitely know how to cook the food! Tadu I'll be back soon for some of your delicious food.
The Ethiopian food here was amazing and the service was great-- the people here were so nice. You've got to try it. I got the beef tibs, which had beef and grilled veggies, and comes with salad and injera. I have also had their veggie combo which is very good. I am looking forward already to coming back already and trying something else. You know when you have one of those meals that you keep thinking about even after you've left? That's how I feel with this place. The meat was so flavorful and tender and well seasoned and was perfectly complimented by the other sides. A balanced and very filling meal. You can get endless injera so you'll definitely be full at the end of your meal! Great for lunch or dinner, and smiles all around. They also do delivery, which is super convenient. Highly recommend it!
I'll start by saying to get the veggie combo and meat tibs if you've never had Ethiopian before. Very good way to get a nice experience with a variety of foods.  Overall, really, really good. We split the above among 3 people with sambusas and didn't finish all of the food. Service was quick and kind.  The lamb tibs were amazing. Perfect sear on the outside with juicy tender lamb on the inside, spiced perfectly. Be warned, this will have a little kick to it. The veggie plate was loaded with goodness, including some of the best collard greens I've ever eaten.  One thing I have to add for those who haven't spent much time in San Francisco - this place is located a little bit into Tenderloin. Tenderloin has a lot of homeless folks. If that will make you uncomfortable, Uber or Lyft in.
This is BY FAR the BEST Ethiopian food in the Bay, and as I love Ethiopian food, I've been to at least 7 or 8 in the area. Flavorful, delicious, absolutely delectable! If the food didn't speak for itself, the service is wonderful. It was my moms birthday and when they found out, they gave us appetizers and baklava on the house, and played an old Hindi happy birthday song over the speakers that she knew from her childhood; it made her day!
Best Ethiopian food i've had, and I have had a lot (admittedly in the US, not the source). The flavors are intense and amazingly different from one of those little piles on the injera to the next. I highly recommend the Vegetarian Combo (on the specials menu) and Lamb or another Tibs. This will serve 3 and probably 4 people.  Lamb was ridiculously good, grilled and then mixed with a flavorful sauce of onions and tomatoes and a bit of heat. Even a couple of little bones to suck on. I looked up the dishes on the veggie combo and most are variations of lentils and chickpeas, yet each tasted completely unique.  I have been trying to make injera and had a conversation with the cook about how they make theirs which is excellent. It's mostly teff but does have some wheat flour. There is an imported, gluten-free pure teff injera available but the house made is better and also cheaper. Get that unless you are gluten intolerant.  Tiny place, zero atmosphere unless you count the friendly people and the homemade drawings on the walls. But who cares... you are here for the food and it is great.
The next time someone comes to visit San Francisco and asks me where to eat, this will be at the top of my list of recommendations!! I have not had Ethiopian food in years, and Tadu reminded me of everything I was missing out on. The food here is incredible, and I'm starting to crave the Lamb Tibs and House Salad as I'm sitting here and writing this review.   I came here at around 6:30 PM on a Friday evening. That or earlier is probably the best time to show up, because there are only a handful number of tables in this restaurant, and by the time I left with my friends, there were tons of people waiting outside. On that note, come with 2 to 4 people per table. This is not designed for large groups.  The Lamb Tibs were incredible. Very fresh, flavorful, and filling. I especially loved the house salad. It sounds simple, but the dressing is so so addicting. Personally I could not finish this plate alone, but then again I have a tiny appetite. I'll be back very soon and very often!
This is unexpected find!  It looks inconspicuous from the outside, just like any regular mom and pop place. There are some small tables cramped together on the inside for intimacy among the guests. But boy, don't let it fool you! Who cares about the look when they got the bomb food?  One portion of beef berbere banatu was enough for two of us. (we even struggled to finish it!) It's a hearty tender chunks of beef mixed with pieces of Injera. The spice! I don't know what's the exact combination of the spice is, but the flavor! Spicy, right amount of salt, a bit sourness and delicious aroma. And how fun it is to eat with your hand as you scoop the meat with the injera? And that vegetable side dishes they got? I want a tub of it. What a bang for the bucks. It seems like it's family run too which really gives it a homey vibe. (Support more family owned venue!)  This shall be my go to for Ethiopian fare.
My boyfriend is a crepe-hater, yet months later, he's still talking about the amazing crepes we had here while on vacation. They were that good. The menu doesn't make the crepes sound like anything spectacular, but there was something magical about these unassuming but unbelievably decadent crepes.   I got the Cookies and Cream crepe, which had Oreos, cajeta, and whipped cream with chocolate syrup on top. From the first bite, I was in heaven, and my boyfriend ended up fighting me for the rest of it, that's how much he enjoyed it. Wrapped up in the hot crepe, the crushed Oreos melted into some kind of delicious gooey Oreo sauce that complimented the crepe perfectly. 10 out of 5 stars!!!  My boyfriend got the Mexican crepe, which was huge and came stuffed with chicken, lettuce, tomato, and oodles of cheese. It was pretty damn tasty and filling on its own, but after I asked for their special house hot sauce (a tip I got from a previous Yelp review), it elevated it to godly crepe status. I have no idea what they put in their creamy smoky hot sauce, but I seriously considered stashing the whole squirtbottle in my purse and carrying it home. I don't normally like savory crepes, but this was a serious contender against the intimidatingly delicious Cookies and Cream crepe, and I had more than my customary "just a bite" after tasting that spicy sauce. Definitely ask for this with your savory crepe!  I also had a horchata bubble tea, because it was cheap and why the hell not. Perfectly cooked boba and milky sweet horchata--I would get this again and again if I lived in the area. All of the prices, for both the crepes and bubble tea, were very reasonable as well. About $7-8 for the crepes and ~$2.50 for the bubble tea. The place itself is a tiny hole-in-the-wall, with barely enough room for 3 tables inside, a little counter with seating, and 1 table outside. We were lucky enough to snag the table outside just as a couple was leaving. The guy manning the place was ridiculously friendly, and kept coming out to bring us more and more free samples. He gave us a really refreshingly healthy-tasting fruit/veggie smoothie and some of his special bubble tea he had just made for us to try. You can tell he is really passionate about making his customers happy, and we were so touched by his warm hospitality.   You MUST try this place! All of the 5-star reviews are spot-on. I've had crepes in Paris and crepes in Montreal, but nowhere have I had crepes as good as these.
What a fantastic place. I ordered takeout via Eat24 earlier today (8/14) at around 2.  Ambiance: Whoever said the kitchen is small and narrow, like an imbiss, is right. The kitchen takes up the majority of the space with very little seating inside. I am all for this, because larger kitchens tend to be more sanitary and have more space for equipment/prep.  Service: A gentleman greeted me immediately, stepped off the register for a moment, then returned and gave me a sample of hibiscus tea with boba to try while they finished up my order.  Food: I ordered 2 fruit marvel crepes. My roommate and I loved them. I'm not big on Nutella and considered trying to swap it out for chocolate sauce, but it paired very well. The portion was massive and delicious.  I think I've found my new dessert spot in the Mission!
Decent little joint! Walked by this place on our way to boba guys, and decided to try this place out instead. Right away we were greeted and not made uncomfortable when we asked for a few minutes to decide. The lady was very nice and walked off to do something, but told us to let get know when we were ready. I approached the register a few minutes later and another guy started my order, and was also very friendly and attentive. The lady then came over to ring me up, and even walked my drink to the table, bonus points! I ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee, and my friend ordered a mango smoothie. We also ordered a waffle, and not to go all food network on it, but the presentation was amazing. They brought all 3 of us a sample of their hibiscus tea with pearls, bonus points! :) Thanks for the good experience, Little Heaven Deli!
Excellent customer service, delicious crepes and refreshing aguas frescas. Visiting tip- this place is small, tiny. Best described as a wide long hallway turned deli stand. Very limited seating however if you(+1) are in the mission district and want to pop in for a coffee and crepe this place is perfect. I cannot stress enough how accommodating the staff was, I enjoyed my crepe&drinks that were a good sized portion for a low good price. I'd come back for sure.
went in this place twice, both times wonderful. Amazing crepes, loads and loads and loads of good fruits. Amazing staff, the second time they even give us complimentary boba drinks, which is also great! Even though the place is a little small, it's absolutely a cannot miss in Mission.
My basic Strawberry Banana and Nutella Crepes came out with lots of fruits & Nutella duhhh and good packaging if you have them to go. It was super cheap, the deli is right opposite to my apartment in SF and has excellent customer service. The cashier gave me some Jamaica juice with boba while I was waiting for my crepes. Cash only if under $10. Will come here everyday if I can
It's unassuming, low-key but high-quality places like this that make me extremely grateful for the service Yelp provides. If not for its impressive five star rating, I'm not sure I'd be able to pick out this hole-in-the-wall from the hundreds of shops and restaurants lined up along Mission Street and I probably would've missed out on a great meal.   I ordered a marvel fruit crepe and a strawberry mango bubble tea. The crepe was gorgeously presented and came with strawberry, peach, banana, nutella, and powdered sugar. The nutella was nice and warm and the fruit tasted really fresh and delicious. Portions were generous and for only $8, it's an absolute steal. The strawberry mango tea was also surprisingly good; I enjoyed the honey boba and the drink had the right level of sweetness - not too sweet but also not completely watered down.  The food was fantastic, but what really blew me away was the first-class service. The owner went above and beyond to accommodate me; he checked on me several times to make sure I was enjoying the food and even brought me a complimentary bubble tea sample! The man genuinely seemed to care about his customers and was interested in feedback so that he could improve upon the experience even more. All the food was paid for in advance and I'm sure he wasn't expecting a tip but the service was so outrageously good that I would've felt extremely guilty had I not tipped. The food here was exceptional and the service amazing; I'm definitely making plans to come back the next time I stay in the city!
It was me and two other coworkers. One coworker has to eat gluten free because of allergies.   Street parking only. You could easily miss the place, it's tucked in between two bigger stores.   There's a table and two counter seating plus a table outdoors. There's savory and sweet crepes. There's gluten free crepes and buckwheat. I enjoyed their food.   We sat near the door where the counters are, it was pretty cramped since the place was small.   The crepes are pretty big and somehow I finished the whole thing. I also ordered a sweet crepe with strawberries, bananas,  and peaches with sauce drizzled all over with some whipped cream.  I shared it and it was soooooo goood!!!!!  I would come back, but mostly take it back to eat at work.
Seating is scarce but boba and great service more than makes up for it. Love the Thai iced tea and hibiscus boba. It's a simple no frills hole in the wall that I would recommend.
Don't blink or you'll miss it!  Thank you Yelp for pointing us to Little Heaven!!  Sought gluten-free desserts today once Dynamo Donuts ran out.  Ordered sweet crepes that arrived thick, warm, beautiful and so delicious - best I've ever had!!  Place is super tiny, swelteringly hot and outside isn't particularly inviting, (plus they were running techno music and a digital frame of scantily clad women which thankfully switched over to nature images eventually) but I forgave it all once the food arrived. Staff was excellent, patient with kids and high maintenance orderers, and gave out samples of hibiscus boba drinks which were the perfect compliment to the super sweet crepes.  We live in the Sunset but will DEFINITELY be back!!  They are also connected to GrubHub delivery,  Postmates, DoorDash, Kash and Square payments... and they cater. If I weren't writing this review, I would never believe it!
Excellent crepes. The banana, strawberry, peach crepe is to die for. Excellent service as well.
Best crepes in SF!  Friendly customer service. Owner is super nice. Highly recommend this place.
An absolutely delicious Hole in the wall crepery. Their banana nutty crepe is a beautiful blend if flavors! The warmth by the owners in this place is amazing!!! My friend accidentally dropped her plate, we got another plate! If you are in the neighborhood definitely checkout this place.
This place was an amazingly wonderful surprise. The food is incredible, the people who work here are extremely friendly and the service was outstanding. Definitely coming back!
Great place! Service was great and they were very friendly. We ordered a Baja crepe and a Fruit Marvel crepe for dessert. She even gave us a free sample of their new hibiscus boba tea, which was also delicious.   A hole in the wall place that I definitely will be going back to often!
Oh my gosh come here. This is a little hole-in-the-wall on Mission but it will impress you. Little Heaven offers both sweet and savory crepes - both are loaded with fresh ingredients and presented in a fun way. I would recommend sharing all of them though (they're huge)! For two people, grab one savory crepe and one sweet crepe; that'll be a full meal for two people.  Along with the amazing food, the service is really impressive! The staff is friendly, attentive, and keeps you topped off with water while you guzzle the massive crepe you ordered. Granted, the space is small so there aren't a ton of seated customers to keep track of - it's still a great experience.  I would also recommend the green "juice cleanse" on the menu. One of my new favorite spots!
Definitely recommend this place if you're ever in Mission! Large portions and excellent service!! The gentlemen working there offered us water while we waited for our orders and he even served us a fruity boba drink that he had just made for us to try! Wonderful food and hospitality!
This place is absolutely fantastic. Best (affordable) crepes place I've ever had. Not really a place to meet up with friends since there is only room for about four chairs and two mini table stands. Nevertheless, the cost and the deliciousness of the crepes are very worth.  I've had two savory crepes and two sweet crepes there so far. Not disappointed.
Hand down the best whole in the wall place I've been too. Visiting here from LA & so glad my girlfriend and I found this place. To die for crepes, amazing boba & the customer service was just so freakin AWESOME! Definitely coming back here on my next visit
My friends surprised me for my birthday dinner by bringing me here! (best friends ever) The inside seating is extremely limited, and there are two rounds of seatings and you better make your reservations pretty early because I saw many people without reservations be sent back.  We got the regular omakase (non grand version) for $95 a person. Immediately before we ordered, we got the first course which is deep flavored umami hot dashi soup. Next comes courses and courses of amazing, fresh, creamy, flavorful, and heavenly pieces of sashimi and nigiris. The selection will often change so I won't list it, but you are sure to get some bluefin tuna because it melts.  I also got a wagyu beef nigiri a la carte and it was so tender without any of the gamey flavor!  amazing. cant have other sushi for a while now.
Thank you sushi gods for finally bestowing upon me sushi that will save me from having to haul to Sushi Ran with...the former chef of Sushi Ran! Now all that is saved from gas and tolls can go towards even more yummy goodness.  Atmosphere:  Warm wood counters and about 4 small tables in a perfectly minimalist setting setting that to me is an absolute must so you can focus on the main event: the brilliant show at the bar and eating. Do sit at the bar though! They also have a full on Toto with full flush sounds and motion sensor for you truly hardcore Japanese aficionados.  Service: Superb, friendly, accessible, not stuffy. Very accommodating to my two dining partners who each had a litany of dietary idiosyncrasies.   Food Yum. Kaiseki so you get a great variety and don't have to use any brain power. Definitely the best sushi in SF proper that I've had.   Cost: You have the regular omakase  ($95) and grand  omakase for I can't remember how much, it was more courses and more fish options but we weren't hungry enough, though we were quite stuffed from just the regular omakase so you'd better bring your A eating game if you plan to do the latter.   Overall: The best sushi and one Michelin star in SF that will leave you fat and happy =)
I love trying Kaiseki style restaurants because that way, you can have a variety and try a little of everything! :) We made reservations and I recommend making them at the bar so that way, they serve each nigiri to you one at a time and so you can also chat with the chef! There is street parking and some pretty cheap parking garages close by. We sat in front of Chef Ken and had an amazing time.   For drinks, we started off with the sake flight ($50) and some Koshihikari Echigo beer ($9), which I really enjoyed - I've never tried it before and I've never seen it in any Japanese restaurants I've been to. We decided on the Grand Omakase ($150 per person), it comes with 25 items. They start off by asking if you have any allergies and what your favorite type of sushi is, then you start your dinner!   You wipe your hands with the towel they provide and the chef explains that you eat the nigiri with your fingers and they seasoned it already so there's no soy sauce. You use chopsticks for everything else. It's really fun because they explain what they're serving you each time and they wait until you're done before they serve the next item.  I won't go into too much depth because their menu changes a little every night depending on what is fresh. I tried so many different things and even though we were served some sushi that I'm not usually a fan of, I decided to try it anyways and it was worth it because everything is so fresh and tasty.   At the end, if you choose the Grand Omakase, you get to choose between toro or wagyu. I decided on the toro and then decided to try the wagyu from the a la carte menu afterwards. I HIGHLY recommend trying the wagyu if you haven't tried it before! Don't get me wrong - I love toro and I always order it where ever I go, but only a few places have wagyu so I recommend giving it a try! I can't even describe the incredible taste... It was lightly salted, a little sweet, semi- seared...just amazing, trust me and give it a try!!  At the end, we had Daiginjo Sake Kasu creme brulee for dessert paired with some dessert wine, Sauternes Chateau Laribotte, Bordeaux, France 2009, which was so delicious and a great way to finish off the night.   This restaurant can be pricey depending on what you order (if you choose to order a la carte, drinks, etc.), but the regular Omakase menu is $99 and you can always order a la carte if they don't serve you an item you want to try! Our total for 3 people was about $730, including tax & tip. Overall, I highly recommend because of the fresh food and excellent service. I'll be back!
A friend had recommended KUSAKABE to celebrate a special occasion. My bf decided to take me here for my birthday.   They have 2 omakase menu choices. The regular omakase menu starts at $95pp for 19 items and the grand omakase menu is priced at $150pp for 25 items. We had original opted for the the regular omakase menu since I get full fast but after the first piece we were served, my bf quickly changed his mind an wanted us to upgrade to the grand omakase menu. It was so worth it.  I was full but I wasn't so stuffed that I couldn't keep eating more. The entire dining time was about 2 hours or a bit more. Each course was presented beautifully and timed perfectly. They also offer an a la carte menu for after if you find yourself still hungry. Since the finale is a choice of either Toro or A5 Wagyu, my bf order a la carte the one that we didn't select for our finale. Both are priced at $12.50 each for a piece.  Everything was so delicious. Before you get started, the chef will ask you if there's any type of fish that's your favorite or what you don't like so they can avoid serving you something that you wouldn't want to eat.   There was just so many pieces that I don't even remember the names of each, sadly. So I can't pinpoint a favorite but each item was to die for.  I highly recommend for anyone who loves sushi and is looking for a place to celebrate a special occasion to make reservations for KUSAKABE.
Instead of going to our Company holiday dinner this year, Lily T. & I decided to skip that and go here instead. It took us 1.5 months to find a decent reservation and the wait was so worth it. This restaurant is amazing- definitely worth the Michelin star. Reservations are super competitive though, so don't expect to last minute plan it but keep hopes!  We had the opportunity to seat right in front of Chef Kusakabe which was amazing because he explained every little detail about each fish and we saw all the finishing touch. Lily T. & I opted in for the $150 grand omakase which included 25 items. Each piece of nigiri was a die for. Perfectly seasoned, no soy sauce required, and also added with some citrus and wasabi depending on the nigiri. I love for a fact the Chef also asks you if you're allergic to anything and if you had any favorite fish so they can do a little remix.   Metered street parking was easily found before 6 pm. The nearest garage is 2 blocks away at the Embarcadero Garage ($3/hour after 5 pm).  Some of our highlights were: Fatty Tuna Uni from the North Golden Eye Snapper Japanese Squid with Uni & the sushi finale: toro & A5 Wagyu beef. (OMG, melt in your mouth....)   Nice interior, excellent food, and above & beyond customer service. Not once did I need to flag down a waiter down for tea. Everyone had a smile on their face.  Major props! Kusakabe was my first Michelin star restaurant and I definitely felt the "VIP" treatment.  Thanks, Kusakabe! I'll be back.
Delicious! My bf took me here for my birthday with a reservation, and we both loved every item from the preset omakase menu. Each piece was crafted with care and precision right in front of us  We were served one and by one with a brief explanation before we ate. I loved everything. In total, we had 20+ pieces each.   Service was excellent. The chefs were talkative and friendly. They even provided a birthday dessert with a candle and sang.   Location wise, parking is probably hard. We took uber, and we'd definitely come again if the occasion calls for it.
After trying many different places, Kusakabe is my favorite Omakase restaurant in San Francisco. I've been to Kusakabe twice now, first time because Ino Sushi had just retired, second time to celebrate our wedding anniversary.   Both times we ordered the $95 menu and everything was fantastic. Kusakabe is not for those looking to get super traditional food. Instead, they provide you with extremely fresh fish that is paired with little additions that make each bite a whole new (and special) experience. For me, the food included in the menu is not enough and always need to order 2 or 3 more portions so wish they provided a bit more food but I guess that's what makes this menu less than $100.  Highly recommended!
One of the most amazing dining experience ever! I must say I was impressed. I booked a month in advance for my mom's birthday dinner, we sat at the bar and Chef Kusakabe was the one serving us (super awesome!).   We ordered the Grand Omakese and I highly recommend getting that one since there is more to try (25 items). Chef Kusakabe asked us what kind of fishes or nigiri that we like and he will customize it with the meal. Each nigiri was mouth watering, fresh and tasted very authentic with it's own style. I honestly couldn't think of ONE thing I DIDN'T like at all. If I had to chose my most favorite was the scallops topped with uni nigiri and A5 wagyu beef nigiri. We also ordered a dessert at the end and got the creme brûlée, OMG it was so good. All desserts are homemade and the creme brûlée was so unique, it had a hint of sake flavor. The whole restaurant and the chef sang happy birthday to my mom, it was very thoughtful and sweet :) They also told me at the end that the dessert was on the house! :D  Thank you so much Kusakabe for making my mom's birthday so special and memorable! We definitely will be coming back again!
Opt for the $150 option. Do it. Don't even think about it. I compared my $150 meal to the table sitting next to us and they were def missing out on the good sushi and plates.   As good as this place is, it's just not Japan's fish market standard. HOWEVER, it was still pretty damn good in America.   Also just splurge at the end and get both the waygu and toro sushi. It's worth ittttt. I'll let my pictures speak for itself
Believe the hype.  I was given a surprise birthday dinner here by my fiance, and was treated to a rather amazing omakase experience.  I failed to take notes (it's my birthday so I get the day off, right?) but the short version is that they serve you tons of amazing small dishes including several unique nigiri.  The thing that makes them so amazing here is that they choose rather exotic fish / seasoning / sauce combos that are both (1) unlikely to be found at other restaurants (2) f!cking delicious.  (The closest thing I know to this exotic-nigiri-centric experience is probably Sugoi sushi in the mission, though their special nigiri combos were a bit more hit and miss.)  Anyway, there were probably zero misses on our menu, and of course two of the hits were fatty tuna.  Drool.  Would love to come back here again.  If I can get a reservation.
4.5 stars because I wasn't able to get bar seating, but rounded up. We were first on waitlist and got the call 2 days before that we had gotten seats, but no guarantees are bar seating. Since we actually came at our reservation time, we were seated at the table. Found out later that a party didn't show up, but those seats were given to a walk-in an hour later. I was pretty butthurt, but it's okay, meal was worth it and I would definitely go again just so I can sit front row.  We settled with the $95 omakase and intended to order some a la carte pieces afterwards. Everything was amazing, the service, the ambience, and especially the food. The atmosphere was warm and inviting, but also exclusive and refined at the same time. The lighting focused on the chefs and the food at our table. The service was amazing, explained each course with detail. Even brought out another beer free of charge because they had brought the wrong drink the first time.   Highlights of my meal: - Halibut with its own liver - Scallop sashimi with the yuzu and garlic sauce: delicate and sweet, counterbalanced with the sauces - Snap pea soup: different textures, the fried fish added crunch and the broth was so good. - Wagyu beef: AMAZING, beautiful marbling - Toro: my favorite of the night, it was melt-in-my-mouth deliciousness - Kaisui Uni: deep ocean Hokkaido sea urchin was my 2nd favorite.. so creamy and sweet. - Bafun Uni: Hokkaido short spine uni was firmer in texture, not as sweet, more ocean-y taste.  Overall, it was a delightful dining experience. Would have been amazing tenfold if we had bar seating, but all the more reason to come back.. Also, to get the Grand Omakase next time around. Definitely worth a pretty penny.
My boyfriend and I came here for our 3 year anniversary. This is our first time having Omasake and it was amazing! The staff even called a couple days in advance to ask if it was a special occasion and wished us happy anniversary on arrival.   We opted for the 19 piece basic omakase which was $95 per person, and it was worth every penny! Every single dish was beautifully crafted, and delicately flavored. While sometimes it was hard to understand the waitstaff, they were the perfect balance of helpful but not intrusive.   I was also such a sucker for the matcha tea which they refilled generously, and I subsequently had to use the restroom multiple times throughout the meal. On a side note, the toilet is really awesome as well. It opens its lid and greets you upon entrance. Super neat!   The omakase set itself was filling enough, but my boyfriend and I have the biggest sweet tooth and decided to order dessert as well. I've normally experienced creme brulee in its too sweet and too riche state, but Kusakabe's rendition was so good and definitely put creme brulee in general back into my good graces. Can't wait until the next special occasion to splurge on some delectable Japanese bites again. :)
I took my boyfriend to KUSAKABE for his birthday back in February, and it was quite the eye opening experience!  I've always been a fan of sushi, but this was our first time trying omakase. KUSAKABE took my love for sushi to the next level. Eat with your hands, and no need to dip the nigiri into soy sauce or add any extra wasabi; the chef puts it on your plate, and you stuff it into your mouth. Have a bottle of sake (or two) while you're at it!  My favorites were the toro, A5 wagyu, and Kaisui uni (a la carte). Birthday dessert, accompanied by all of the servers and chefs singing "Happy Birthday," was a nice touch. :)  Can't wait to be back!
TL;DR - Great omakase, stella sake menu, fun sushi chefs!  I've been to a couple omakase places in SF and I gotta say, Kusakabe is definitely my favorite so far.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting as the chefs are all so friendly (but each with their own fun personalities)  The sake menu is also pretty varied and between the five or six sakes that we ordered, we were not disappointed by any of the pairings.   Onto the food. We opted for the $95 omakase as we wanted to add more nigiri a la carte. Our chef was so funny and very considerate of what we liked and didn't like. I mentioned that I liked uni and aji the best and we ended up with an amazing nigiri omakase selection.  I gotta say, the japanese uni was definitely my favorite out of the three. If you are between unis and wan to try one, get that one.  OH and desserts. DO NOT PASS UP ON DESSERTS.  Yuzu sorbet and sake creme brulee. Get it. You're welcome.
I wondered into this place about a year ago for lunch. Now it is my go to Indian restaurant in sf. I bring all my family and business associates here and they love it.   The people that work here are super nice and quickly greet you with a smile. Fast service and the food is great. My favorite is the Indian Tea (my girlfriend says it chai), good balance of spices and it's always piping hot.   Highly recommend the lamb saag or the butter chicken with some garlic naan.    Great for lunch or delivery.
Great place first time I went there today  And try chicken Tisa masala and lamb briyani  The good was great service is great and good location
Raavi was a delectable delight. I enjoyed the succulent and savory Karahi Ghost. This lovely lamb curry certainly hot the spot, evoking fond memories of Hyderabad's finest curries. The hot naan was a perfect complement, toasted to tantalizing and conflated crispness and tenderness. A wonderful bonus was the mango lassi- a complimentary treat for those Yelpers providing a real and honest review. A sweet treat to finish famously. Bravo.
This place has an amazing health inspection score! I was also informed that this place has been here for 13 years and remained strong in this neighborhood. I'll be honest, when I got my food, I thought the presentation was a bit lacking. I got curry and I guess how can you make it look amazing. However, the taste was amazing. Smooth and creamy with some underlying flavors that I could not make out what it was. Overall, price was affordable and I enjoy all the seating in the restaurant. The restroom was hidden downstairs and was a bit creepy to get to but what do you expect in the North Beach area. I would definitely come again for the great service. Was offered a free mango lassi as well!
Delicious! Awesome! The best Indian food restaurant, have been so far w/ tremendous flavor-able curries, on top the service is amazing and friendly.
Fantastic hidden gem!!! This place has actually been here for 13 years, but they don't have much of an online presence so know one knows about it!   Their specialty is New Delhi Indian food.   I had the Butter Chicken and tried the Baignan Bharta (eggplant). Both were really good!! Staff was super friendly. I'm definitely coming back!
Great indian food. Lot of choices in menu. Nice owner. Restaurant is casual and well conducted
I'd like to start off and to say that this restaurant is a mix of Indian and Pakistani cuisine. Though the differences are minimal , pakistani contains beef and Briyani (a pakistani rice dish). This is what I love the most, it's a melting pot of two different cultures on one table!  I've ordered the:  Lamb vindaloo; can adjust degree of spiciness  Yellow daal Tadka:lentils  Garlic Naan and plain.  All for $28, yes decently priced! Great service and delicious varieties.  Highly recommended this place to newcomers.  As definitely must try
Eat here at least once a week. Lightning fast online ordering and the food is delicious. In the interest of full disclosure, I usually get the butter chicken. Friends have come with me and had other dishes, and have all agreed how good the food is. Highly recommend.
Raavi serves north Indian food which is as authentic as it can get! Being a North Indian myself, I can vouch for it! The tandoori fish and tandoori chicken leg comes on a sizzler plate with a bed of onions. The meat is so tender and juicy that we couldn't have enough of it! Even the chutneys served with it taste so good! In the main course we ordered peas pulao, raita, aloo naan, tandoori roti, aloo gobhi and paneer! Each food item was so delicous that we wished that we lived closer by to this place and not in Denver! Highly recommend this place and would love to be back if I'm back in SFO again!  PS: Don't skip the mango lassi!! You'll love it till the last drop!
Best Pakistani/northern Indian cuisine in the neighborhood! Great affordable dinner, went with my Indian classmates and they loved it. We had lamb biryani, achaar chicken and the meat was tender, and curry just the right flavor. The mango lassi was on the seater side but that is authentic for the Indian palette. All in all Raavi is a simple place with a big taste!
If you want good Curry this is your place. I've been coming here for years. Free Chai, good price. Great location. try the Achaer Curries, it uses pickled vegetables that give the curry a nice acid kick. One toasty fluffy naan is the perfect amount to soak up all the delicious curry.  Always a nice peaceful meal here.
My go-to, my safety net, my rock. Chipotle never disappoints. Consistant, quick for the days you don't have a lot of time,  and healthier (relatively) than most other options. Ingredients are clean and I like the fact that brown rice is an option now.  As the internet says "not all heroes wear capes".   Usually I'll alternate between barbacoa and chicken burrito WITH guac (yes, I know it's extra. Why is this even a question?) black beans and brown rice. If I'm extra health conscious I'll get a bowl with the same. The chips have hints of lime, and the fact that all chipotles carry Tabasco sauce ( mild and hot) deserves a star on it's own in my book.   Is it the best burrito in the world? No, but it's pretty damn good. Say what you want about "authenticity", this is not about that. I'm going purely on taste and quality here. Both areas where chipotle excels at. There is something to be said about how they have made clean food accessible ( especially in FiDi where a salad alone is 15 bucks) and how quickly they get through the massive lunch lines. Occasionally you'll run into someone who doesn't wrap your burrito right, or is stingy for a little more of something, but by far everyone I've encountered has been helpful and upbeat.   I could not imagine living somewhere where there isn't a chipotle ( I did once for a year and I'll never go back). Even if I don't go all the time, it's nice to know I can fall back on it.   This particular location is big, plenty of seating and even outdoor seating.
Chipotle is now my go to spot for burrito and taco cravings. I was a little hungry after a workout session at 24 Hour Fitness. A meal that's fast but healthier was exactly what I am looking for and Chipotle has it. Two of the items I have tried were a burrito bowl and tacos. Nice spot for a good lunch. The line here may be long especially during lunch hour but it does move fast, seats are available inside and outside.  *burrito bowls - a new and excellent alternative, it's very delicious. For this item, I chose plain rice (cilantro-lime seasoned), black beans, chicken, shredded cheese and lettuce. I also tried the burrito bowl with carnita and it is delicious.  *tacos - it's bite size portions, easy to digest and also very delicious. This item, I chose flour tortilla (x3), chicken, shredded cheese and lettuce.  **Both items are absolutely delicious and I enjoyed it. I also like how their food is freshly prepared.  Rubric for rating: - facility cleanliness (+1) - friendliness of staff team (+1) - seating available inside and outside (+1) - prompt and courteous service (+2)  Overall, positive experience here so I'll definitely be back.  02/18/2015: Grilled Chicken Tacos on Soft Corn Tortilla (x3) is absolutely delicious. I've enjoyed my meals at Chipotle and this is a great way to satisfy my Mexican food cravings. This is another go to restaurant for lunch in the Financial District.
My fav chipotle location. The staff are always friendly and they flow right through the longest lines. The food is always great and the seating arrangement is nice as well. You can sit out in the main area or privately in the back behind the napkins and utensils. Not to mention on really nice days you can sit outside.
It's Super Bowl weekend, this place is CRAZY and the staff is still going above and beyond for their customers. Special shout out to VERONICA! She was so friendly and gracious to every person here. I know how crazy it can be working on hectic days like this, and she had such a positive attitude the whole time. Plus the food was extra YUM. Thanks Veronica and Chipotle, we'll see you again soon!
I came by to get a quick bite and Bacca was amazing. I unfortunately only had $100 bill and didn't realize they no longer excepted $100s so she told me the meal was on them. I wasn't expecting to get anything free so I was really blown away when she told me. Excellent service fast and friendly crew I'll assume she is a service manager or kitchen manager because she was quick thinking and really took good care of me.
Been coming here since I was a kid and the kind waitresses know us by face and where we like to sit. Bang for the buck. To me it's money's worth, not to much selections because who can really eat everything at the buffet. I always crave Chinese food and on days when I just crave soup and a little extra I come here.   Gotta love their butter cake dessert thing along with the frozen yogurt.
One of my all time favorite spots on the island! Like many other reviewers, I have been coming here since childhood. Chinese food, sushi, and the mongolian bbq with 2 dollar beers might I add, is unbeatable... If this place ever closed I would be devastated. BEST VALUE EVER!
Note: This review is specifically for the weekday lunch buffet, which at $8.45, may be the best deal in Alameda!  I was impressed both by the quality and diversity of food! The food quality usually suffers with this much variety - by making everything, buffets like this risk making nothing well. That's not the case here! I found my meal delicious as it was varied. A surprising number of vegetarian options, too!
