This tasted absolutely amazing. I flew in from Texas Thursday night and this has by far been the most lovely heart felt food I've tasted here. I am so happy I came.	 0
Meh. I feel this place is overrated. Now I love a local little shop making quality food from quality, locally sourced ingredients, but I was disappointed in my burger at Dairy Lane. Mostly because it was forgettable.  Admittedly it's been a little while since I ate here, and my memory isn't what it used to be, but I can seriously not remember anything other than disappointment. The milkshake was great tho!	 1
I was visiting for a week and just wanted to grab breakfast quickly and go. I walked in thinking it was going to be mediocre and was just aching for food. I had ordered the stuffed French toast and man, was I taken back. I was afraid the berry compote and the cream cheese were going to be sugar loaded, but it was just right. It also came with a side of potatoes. The service was spot on and very friendly.	 0
I ate at Dairy Lane yesterday and the Yelp reviews were right. Everything about this place was excellent! I had the chicken club which comes with a load of fries and my friend had the veggie burger and salad which looked big enough to feed 3 people. There was also a cute cat that was hanging out on the patio and all the guests were fighting for her attention.	 0
Great service and tasty food!  What a gem you would drive by if you didn't look closely for it..	 0
Tried it today and will now be a regular.  Upon entering I was made to feel at home and I was very comfortable.  The staff were professional and the service was first rate.  I ordered a pork and chorizo burger with a side of black bean and corn soup.  The flavours were vibrant and tasty without being overwhelming.    As information, the inside of the restaurant seats 25 or so people, and another 20 or so on the sidewalk patio.  That said, the tables seem to turn over fairly quickly and those waiting were given coffee by the staff.  Nice touch.    They serve wine and beer, and seemed to have a nice selection of desserts.    I can't wait to go back.  Give it a try.  ....and back I went for a late afternoon lunch.    Note: Kitchen closes at 4 PM for 30 minutes.    I had the Dairy Lane burger with bacon and fries.  It was terrific.    I noticed the list of Alberta suppliers on the wall.   The local sourcing of food combined with the care and attention it gets in prep make for great results.	 0
It's a local gem. The food and service are both phenomenal.  The place gets busy, this said whilst you are waiting they serve free coffee?  Who else does that?  This place rocks.	 0
Needless to say, this place lives up to all the hype in the reviews. I am hesitant to leave another glowing review for this place, as it's already hard enough to get a table here, but it is soooooooo good. I don't think I'd wait an hour though. I won't wait an hour for anything as there are plenty of good restaurants. But if you can hit this place and only have 30-45min wait, and good company to chat with while waiting, it's worth it!  Everything is sourced somewhat locally. You know exactly where the food you are eating comes from as it's on their chalkboard. I'm sure you can try anything on the menu and be happy. I will say though, go for a milkshake or lemonade. The milkshakes are old fashioned deliciousness, and the lemonade was perfect!! Not that sugary crap, just perfectly refreshing.  I can't wait to be back!	 0
Dairy Lane is probably one of my most favorite breakfast joints in Calgary! A friend of mine recommended Dairy Lane and I'm so glad he did. The food is super delicious and made from the finest local ingredients. They even have a list of all the local vendors they get their ingredients from, and the list is intensive! I had ordered the smoked salmon benedict with avocado and I was blown away with the quality of the dish let alone the presentation. One bite into my dish, and I've fallen in love! Definitely in my top 5 breakfast joints, I love it here and will be coming back very soon!!!	 0
Full disclosure. I'm not a brunch person. I usually sleep in on weekends. And I don't like lines. Whew, now that I've gotten that off my back, let's get this review started.  I came here on a Saturday morning around 9:45AM aka prime time for brunch with two other friends. I was expecting the typical 30 min - 1 hour wait before getting seated, but lo and behold, we were seated within 20 minutes. Hmm not bad so far.  When we arrived, the waitress gave us a biggest smile ever and kindly asked if we wanted coffee while we wait for our table. Why yes, of course. Anything to make the time go by faster.  Soon enough, we were seated inside. First impression. Cozy. Comfy. But very homey. I'm starting to like this place so far.  Dining friend #1 ordered the Stuffed French Toast. The French toast comes in either a savoury version or a sweet version. She ordered the savoury version and it was absolutely divine.   Dining friend #2 ordered the eggs benedict with smoked salmon and avocado and the eggs were poached perfectly. Another plus!  I broke out of the brunch norm and ordered the Dairy Lane burger after having read so many raving reviews about this burger. At first bite, I could also taste the smoky and delicious char on the outside of the burger. A sign of a great grilling temperature. Next, the bun. It was toasted just right. Simply delicious.  "More coffee?"  "Of course!"  My coffee was continually topped up by our waitress and never went below the 50% mark. It was as if she received a notification on her phone every time my coffee was running low. Magical.  Oh and the service throughout the meal was spot on. What a win.  Dairy Lane. You get the coveted 5 stars.	 0
This place is a cute little diner! I've been here quite a number of times for brunch and have quite enjoyed my experience. I try to come here during their non peak hours but it seems like they are always quite busy. So first tip is to be prepared you may have to wait. The ambience is clean and I'd describe as a modern diner/cafe... Seating is close to others. The servers I've had in my visits are always friendly and cheerful which is nice, because often times I'm dealing with stressed servers during brunch hour at other places. I always order the all in omelette which is delicious! They also serve up different jams for their toast every so often.. Which I quite enjoy. Overall it's a cozy brunch spot with good food and service. No complaints!	 0
The service is awful.  I ended up leaving after 60 minutes having never received my order. Everyone around me had their  food. Last time I was there, the screeching kid made my ears hurt we were sitting so close together.   again. The food is good, the rest needs a lot of work	 1
So been to The Rock twice now, and will tell about both times. Alternatively don't even waste time reading this review just go get yourself a ridiculously tasty burger.   First time went in at the end of Nov 2016 with 2 work colleagues and my mom who was visiting from overseas, Had seen great reviews and its not everywhere you can find wild game burgers on offer every day.  Mom and I shared the boar and brie burger, which was juicy, flavourful, with just the right amount of brie so that you can taste it with every bite. All their burgers come on a cheese bun which tastes incredibly fresh. We paired our meal with their poutine of the day which was Elk Bacon Poutine with a red wine creamy gravy - of man! What a delicious bile of cheesy saucy potato goodness! Portion was massive too. Even with sharing a burger we couldn't finish it and the other 2 ladies with us had to help out.  The other lady with us had the shrimp burger which was a delightful surprise. They finally chop the shrimp and press it together with rice flour I think, to make it all stick together. Still has all the great shrimp flavour. My other coworker went with the boar brie burger too and loved every bite.  All agreed we will need to bring the rest of the office back for some tasty burgers. Plus they have wild rose on tap - whats not to love?   Second time we went was last week to pick up burgers for dinner. The owner remembered me! Even remembered that I had come in with other people and someone was visiting. Had a nice chat while my burgers were getting ready. This time we got the elk brie burger and the bison brie burger - each had a half and couldn't decide which one we liked more. Also as it was January they had a special on that all their burgers came with free fries.  I am not the biggest fan of burgers so they really need to be good for me to rate them highly. The Rock has ruined all other burgers for me. Take everyone you know and go and eat there!  Also check out their facebook page as that is where they have their monthly specials, as well as details on special dinners they do which look unreal and I cant wait to try.   Amazing value for money + supporting a small local business at the same time = winning at food!	 0
Burger and yam fries with red wine gravy ohhh yessss  this place is fantastic! I had an elk burger and my friend had a bison burger.   Everything is made fresh so it's not fast food. The high quality ingredients really shine through and the service was amazing. I was so hungry that I forgot to take pics, so sorry fellow Yelpers!   Please try this place as the entrance is very unassuming.  The man at the counter advised they have a monthly chefs tasting that features a different ingredient used in various styles. That sounds like a great girls night out to me!  I will definitely return here to try more items. As for the red wine gravy, I could have drank it straight from a shot glass!!!	 0
Had the lamb burger and bbq burger and it was really great. The place kind of looks like a hole in a wall and you have probably driven/walked past it a bajillion times and not even noticed it. It's kind of a shame because you can tell the owner really likes what he does and the food is great. He even noticed that we were a first time visitor and treated us to a mini dessert platter. The dine-in experience was very personal which was nice.   I would recommend this place if you are looking for a good burger as I haven't tried anything else on the menu. But most definitely the lamb burger!   I wish they were in a better location and/or had a much more appealing sign because it's easy to miss.	 0
Cute neighborhood restaurant located in the 17th Ave area in Calgary.  Came here solely based on the solid Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.  Service was great on a quiet Tuesday night. Ordered the dumplings to start, veal steak with a side of mashed potatoes and a tiramisu to finish the meal. The portions are HUGE, if you are sharing a meal with someone I would recommend only getting one appetizer and one main so you have room for dessert. The menu is simple and clear, lots of innovative burgers/sandwiches, a few seafood pastas and some notable mains such as the veal, lamb shank and duck breast.  Definitely French Asian fusion type of cuisine, a nice restaurant for a reasonable price - 1 appetizer, 2 mains and 1 dessert for under $70, a rare find in Calgary that's for sure!	 0
Tonight we tried The Rock. At first we weren't going to consider going because their website booking system said there were no reservations available but on a hunch (it's a Tuesday), I called to inquire whether they had room for us - they did! So off we went! We parked in the pay lot behind the restaurant and walked in the back door - it was empty ;) It was a hot hot day so the lights weren't on in the restaurant but it added to a cozy atmosphere. We settled on the chicken corn chowder to share as a starter (even though it was 29 degrees outside) and it was flavorful and fresh. The veggies were firm and clearly hadn't been sitting in a soup pot all afternoon. For our mains my husband had the Bison burger with yam wedges - he loved it. The juicy and flavorful burger came on a cheese bun with MOLT (mayo, onion, lettuce & tomato); the best part was the addition of Brie. I had the organic chicken club with regular fries (also wedges). I was truly shocked at how perfectly they cooked the chicken breast: it was flavorful and juicy (my experience is that you need the cheese, bacon and MOLT to give your chicken any nuance of flavor - NOT HERE). My sandwich came with a ciabatta bun that I opted to remove as it detracted from the rest (nothing wrong with the bun but it wasn't essential...I wonder if one could switch to a cheese bun).  All in all we're very glad to have tried The Rock! My sole criticism is that I wish the regular fry wedges had their own signature dipping sauce. Their flavour paled in comparison to the yam fries and their special dip.	 0
The reviews don't lie! Went here tonight with two girlfriends and everything was outstanding. Friend got tomato soup before her meal - have NEVER tasted tomato soup so good. All 3 of us couldn't believe it. She wanted to order another bowl with her meal! Plus the presentation was even beautiful - like the way they make designs in lattes...  I had the Lamb Burger, friends had Veal dinner & the Bison Burger. All great. The house salad dressing was also - A. MAZING. Tasted like maple vinaigrette? Atmosphere was lovely - small, quaint, quiet, intimate. And service attentive without being overbearing. Will definitely be coming back.	 0
The best burger in calgary. Everything made in house from scratch and with the love and care you'd expect from a high end restaurant. If you're craving a burger or fried chicken do your self the favour and check this place out.	 0
What a gem! We booked a large party, and the staff classes ship for our event. Super personable and accommodating staff. Buffet style allowed me to try the bulk of the menu, all of which was mouth wateringly delicious. The bison burger with brie was a great combination of flavors, very juicy for bison. Yam fries crispy with excellent house made aioli. Barbeque babby back ribs fell off the bone. 10/10 would eat again!	 0
I love coming here when I come out West to visit family. Such a great place! I recommend trying the Bison burger if you are into more gamier foods. They have larger portions for a decent price. My husband likes getting the steak which he always enjoys. Its got a great atmosphere and good to come with groups as well. Service is always excellent!	 0
Such an amazing find in Calgary. My boyfriend and I were visiting and were in the mood for some burgers, and did they have some burgers. Being from Chicago, we are very used to the same old beef burger, which are delicious, don't get me wrong. But here, they had Elk, Boar, and Bison!!! We tried out the elk and bison burgers which were freaking amazing. There was Brie cheese on my elk burger, which complimented the meat so perfectly, I couldn't get enough and wolfed that thing down. The people there were very kind, and gave us a dessert of homemade chocolate mousse, which was rich, creamy, and yummy. Super delicious place, you have to check it out.	 0
The food was excellent, I had the Wild Boar burger and it was delish. The service was exceptional, our server was very friendly and helpful. Will definitely be back!	 0
This is still my favorite place in Calgary. I don't know what they did to that side salad but it's like crack. I want more... I've got the shakes for it. The staff is so friendly. This is some outstanding food.  The baby back ribs are to die for and my friends had the penne pasta and it was so flavorful. LOVE!!!	 0
This little gem has been open a block from our house for a while and we kept meaning to go and check it out. We are definitely glad we did and will be back soon!   We started with the escargot as my partner, Dan, has never had them before. I have never had them prepared like this! They were presented in a bowl surrounded by crostini, and it was almost like a stew! There was thick cut bacon and the bowl was very generously filled with escargot, there was definitely no skimping on ingredients.  Dan then had the bison burger which was glazed with BBQ sauce and smothered in double cream Brie. I had the lamb burger which had a Monterey Jack cheese. They were both absolutely mouthwatering, and with every bite we found ourselves loudly muffling "Mmmmmm" as we savoured every bite. The fries that came with the burgers were hand cut and appeared to have some kind of very light, crisp tempura style batter that made them delightfully crispy.   Along with the meal we tried their in-house designed cocktails and highly recommend trying them out as they were a perfect compliment to our dinner. After we had finished our meal, the owner treated us to their tiramisu which was, hands down, the best I have ever tried. We will definitely be returning soon.	 0
This place is delicious, the service is wonderful and everyone here is awesome.  We even had our work holiday party in December here, they catered everything for us, the food was delicious, there was TONS of it, so no one was hungry, and everyone had a huge variety of food to eat!	 0
I have just had the best burger in town! Juicy and flavourful. Even better the staff are extremely friendly & the atmosphere was very inviting. If you are looking for a 10 then this is the  place.	 0
Delish! I have been here twice and it has been a 2/2. First time was for a work lunch and the whole experience was top notch. Once I walked in I was greeted by a friendly man with a nice French accent.  I was shown to my table and asked what water I would prefer. (Sparkling please!) After looking over the menu I decided on a savory crepe with goat cheese and spinach.  It was SO good. It came out with a little salad on the side which was lightly dressed and also amazing. This experience made me suggest for my second visit for brunch with my bestie.  This time was like the first, amazing service from start to finish. We shared two different kinds this time, a savory and sweet. Both were so delicious and filling!  Love this place, love Cassis, and love the French!	 0
My partner and I traveled to Calgary for business and after reading reviews, looked forward to eating at Suzette Brittany Bistro.  We took a taxi there as our hotel was a good distance and then sat down to order.  Due to my having numerous medical food allergies, I requested a Galette with only cheese and mushrooms as all others contained at least one ingredient that was contrary to my dietary restrictions.  I explained this to the kind food server and she went to ask the chef.  She returned to tell me the chef refused as he is rigid about changing his recipes.  I expressed again that I had these allergies and dietary restrictions and that they could charge whatever they wanted but the only ingredients that would affect me neutrally were those I mentioned.  The food server told us she was sorry, it doesn't matter.  We left without ordering.  I then emailed the following letter to management but in several days, have received no response from anyone:  Dear management,  We came to your restaurant today to eat.  We were very excited to try your cuisine but ended up leaving because the chef refused to make a Galette with only mushrooms and cheese.  I have medical dietary restrictions and there was no menu item that would have been acceptable for me and although I offered to pay whatever it would take, my request was refused, even after explaining my dietary restrictions.  I feel this was unfair and also difficult to understand.  Thank you, Alice D. (Phone number provided)	 1
We flew into Calgary for a week of vacation in Rockies. The first place we stopped on our vacation to Banff National Park was Suzette Brittany Bistro. Wow! Truly a great kick-off to a fantastic vacation.  The atmosphere is so inviting and relaxed. We had a wide variety of crepes and food - with a table of diverse eating types that ranged from a six year old to a gourmet chef. The food was fresh and delightful.  The service was sophisticated and attentive. We felt at home and relaxed from the moment we sat down. The wine selection is narrow - but nice. Our server directed us toward a delightful bottle that simply elevated the level of the food.   The greens and the flavor of the crepes and meat were delicious. The Paysanne was fantastic. The Galettes were very well flavored with a number of traditional French preparations and accompanying tastes. We really enjoyed our meal and will most certainly return if we find ourselves back in Calgary anytime soon.	 0
Amazing crepes!! The best in Calgary!! My favourite is the scallops one, I have tried already most of the menu and that's still the best one for me. However all others are delicious too! From the sweet crepes my favourite is the one with grand mariner and orange juice, but all others I have tried are great as well. In addition the wine is really really good, and the service super friendly. I recommend this place 100%. They have the best crepes in Calgary!!	 0
One of the best dinners I have ever had in Calgary! St Jacques Galette with scallops and Bretonne crepe for dessert (caramel and butter). Yummy! Our server was wonderful and attentive. My friend and I originally ordered the caramel crepe to split but after we tasted it, we ordered a second! Everything had so much flavour. Will definitely be returning and recommending Suzettes to my friends.	 0
Suzette Brittany Bistro is a quaint, cozy, but at the same time modern french bistro. Once you enter the restaurant you will find the atmosphere is great, with all the beautiful decor and large windows that they leave open on sunny days. Right away it makes you feel at home and excited for some tasty food!  We come at least once or twice a month to Suzette's as we always know that the food will always taste great everytime. They are consistent and meticulous with every dish, and will only serve the best quality ingredients available locally.   We have tried almost every single dish on their menu, and our favorites would be the Suzette Burger, Lyonnaise Salad, Norvegienne Galette, and Ile Flottante. Also, always ask what their fish of the day is, as they always offer the freshest catch and they all taste superb.  Service at Suzette's is amazing as well. You are greeted and seated immediately, don't forget to reserve before coming as they are quite busy. The servers are very personable and attentive.  Overall, I definitely recommend Suzette's for any occasion! May it be lunch, brunch, dinner, date nights, etc. Suzette's a great place to sit down and have a nice meal with family, friends, and loved ones.	 0
Stopping by Calgary for business, searched the web for top restaurants and Suzette's Bistro repeatedly pops up in search results - displaying stellar reviews across the board, perhaps due their exquisite menu. However, my experience was nothing out of the ordinary. The crêpe I had chosen was recommended as the go to and most popular option, St Jacques (scallops). In short, it had two pieces of scallop with a small salad on a (bland) crêpe. Theres nothing wrong with that, but it ain't first place yelp worthy.	 1
Finally a legit crepe place in YYC :)  Tried the Complète and the Paysanne for our meals at lunch. The Complète was on the milder side flavour-wise but I really enjoyed the egg inside the crepe. The Paysanne was really good too with the bacon adding lots of flavour. We found that the Paysanne was a lot crispier (crunchier?) in texture and I'm not sure if this is because it was overcooked compared to the other one and/or if because the other one has an egg in it which makes it more moist and less crispy..? Either way, we enjoyed both.   The "greens" that come on the side of the Galettes are dinky little greens that don't even count as a salad, more like decoration, just a heads up. The crepes are more than enough to fill you up though so I didn't mind.   The dessert crepe was great too - we tried the Normande with caramelized apples and vanilla ice cream (from Village!). Perfect for sharing.   Our server was extremely knowledgable and friendly! Nice service and atmosphere. I liked that they had the windows wide open :) Would be really nice on a sunny warm day out.   Saw that they have other dishes here like pasta and salads - I'll have to go back to try sometimes. But if you're looking for a great crepe, definitely check this place out.	 0
Calgary's best for moules frites, galettes and crepes. Even the most refined palettes will enjoy the casual French offering at this beautifully appointed restaurant.	 0
Brunch is very good. the first true creperie in Calgary. The all team behind is from France. the owner / chef dominique is from Britany. they have traditional cider drink.	 0
Finally tried this place (took a colleague for lunch).  The decor is cute and the servers really are French (complete with whimsical hispter 'stache).  Didn't have any alcoholic drinks that day but they seemed reasonable-ish.  Had the St. Jacques galette and was quite underwhelmed.  There TWO whole scallops (albeit perfectly cooked) and a wee bit of leeks on top of a rather bland galette.  The whole dish was really on the dry side and the galette actually sticks to plate midway through eating it?!  At $21 this was poor value for my hard-earned bucks so I won't be back.	 1
Great experience.  Excellent service and food.  I had the Paysanne galette and the Kir Breton.  Also got fries.  Finished off with the Bretonne crepe for dessert.  The dessert crepe was amazing - I highly recommend the caramel and butter.  I ate it in maybe 2 seconds it was so good.    The food is a bit pricey, but i think the quality of the food is worth it.  I recommend asking the servers for their recommendations as well.  Bon appetit!	 0
Checked out Suzette Brittany Bistro for the first time.  First off, the ambiance is nice, very reminiscent of a French bistro. I ordered the Marocaine (lamb sausage, potato & mustard)....delicious. The buckwheat crepe was light and fluffy and the savory filling was mouth watering!!! I've never been to France but I imagine a French crepe to taste just like it!  For dessert, my friend and I ordered the Gariguette (berries, strawberry jam & chantilly)....tasted like summer wrapped in a tasty crepe! Our waiter was both attentive and friendly and especially helpful by pointing out his favorites as well as made great wine suggestions. The restaurant is small, and our table was only a foot away from other tables beside us, and I knocked my elbow a few times against the person next to me, but small price to pay for getting a last minute reservation. Will go again to try other things on the menu.	 0
Great place for lunch. I love the Languedoc rosé and the ambience is wonderful! It's walking distance from my home, which makes it easier. Very busy at lunch and dinner, reservations are therefore recommended. Lunch today "salmon au papillon" C'est merveilleux !	 0
On a cold and humid spring morning my husband and I decided to try out the very new Suzette Bistro. We easily made a reservation on their website using PriorityTable and showed up an hour later, eager to relive our visit to the north-western coast of France.   The interior of the bistro is bright and airy, with lovely café style chairs set nice and close together to mimic the cafés in France. There are small decorative reminders of the coastal Brittany region scattered throughout the space.  If you are looking for an extensive menu, you may be disappointed but if you are looking for a great selection of galettes and crêpes...well you are definitely in the right place! I think Suzette Bistro is the only place in Calgary where you can find traditional galettes, the crispy, chewy buckwheat savoury 'crêpes'. You can order them with a variety of fillings and yes, they are gluten free if you are into that sort of thing.  Other menu items include: Moules Frites, Steak Frites, the Suzette Hamburger, Fish of the day, and some pasta items including some delicious sounding mac n cheese au gratin. Despite being only the second day open, service was very attentive, though our Chèvre starter order got lost somehow. We were offered a crêpe gratis, thus eliminating our final quandary of having to decide between a crêpe or one of their delicious sounding desserts. We then ordered the Normande because I'm a sucker for Calvados. It came with caramelized apple, flambée au Calvados & vanilla ice cream. Delicious! Then I became slightly jealous of the table next to us when I saw an île flottante float by...amazing! I can't wait to visit Suzette Bistro again. Note: They have a really cute French cocktail list and I am dying to try it out...yet another reason to visit.  Note: They free pour some of that wonderful Brittany cider...it can get pretty expensive at 8$ per glass especially when they do not tell you the price and you absolutely adore it.	 0
I have been to Suzette twice for dinner and both times were excellent. The atmosphere is quaint and intimate. The food is very good. On my latest visit I was served by Barbara, who provided outstanding service. I would highly recommend Suzette.	 0
I'd dare to say Big Catch is the best bang for the buck "utility" sushi place in the city. Simple, gets the job done. Nothing fancy, but not meant to be.  Yes, it's a take out place. But for the quality of the food and the value, it can't be beat.  Moreover, they are extremely knowledgeable about gluten free options, offering tamari and replacing the sauce in their rolls with gluten free versions.  Also, I need to recognize their service. Non is amazing, always courteous, always remembering your name and your order	 0
Delicious, exceptional service and beautiful presentation! Big Catch is located in the food court area of the Market On McCleod. They have a pager system to alert you to when your food is ready so you can browse while you wait and know exactly when your food is ready. Their prices are reasonable. They make an effort to be friendly and assure customer satisfaction. They also put effort into presentation - fun! They offer a frequent user card. This has become the go-to sushi lunch place for my daughter and I! :-)	 0
I had heard good things from @maggiem about The Big Catch, so I had to go and check it out for myself!  Went with @paulp and ordered the Special Platter.  This platter feeds 3 people but we were hungry and did the classic over-order!    The Special Platter includes: 1 Passion Sunrise, 1 Rodeo Rider, 1 Tropic Rush, 1 Zesty Avalanche, 1 Meteor Rain, 1 Nine One One.  All were fresh and had a great combination of flavors.  The presentation was also amazing, nicer than most sit down sushi restaurants that I've been to.    I wish we were able to try the Chicago roll too, but we were stuffed.  We had 7 pieces left over...but in reality, we should have had more, because we were eating well after we were full in efforts not to waste our order!  So again, 3 people could easily share this platter and splitting the cost between 3 people makes it very affordable for the quality and amount of sushi you get.  Take note that it is a kiosk inside Market On McLeod, so its not a "restaurant," but don't let that stop you from checking out this place if you love sushi.  I will definitely be back to try more things on the menu!	 0
Highly recommend. Non, our Big Catch server, explained to us that Big Catch sushi-grade fish comes flash frozen from Russia, BC and Norway. He started us on a frequents big catch card, and helped us to order the dinner extravaganza we desired.   We ordered spicy tuna roll, dynamite roll, spicy salmon roll, rodeo rider roll and Rainbow roll. We also tried The weekly special, teriyaki chicken wings for 4.95. We got two wings. They were good, crispy, fall off the bone, with a nice Brush of teriyaki sauce and a sprinkle of sesame seeds. It came with a tzatziki  sauce, delicious. But after thinking about it we got two wings for $2.50 each. Worth it? Not really. But the food was good, so we forgave.  My gracious dinner date didn't enjoy the sauce on the spicy tuna and salmon rolls but we both thought the rodeo rider roll was the best, sauce and all. We got enough wasabi, which I thought was fantastic. The ginger and wasabi was also soft and fresh.  The presentation was beautiful. The rice, perfectly done. The fish was fresh. Just so you know, I am a sushi connoisseur. I have been eating sushi since I was five years old and this is good sushi for Calgary. We got great service and I highly recommend the fresh gracious quality Big Catch gives patrons.	 0
Really great sushi for the price. Service was awesome too, the guy really took his time to make recommendations according to what we liked.   It seems like they mostly focus on rolls as most of their menu covers the various rolls they offer. However, we ordered some sashimi on the side too and it was fresh and tasted great. Would totally recommend. The miso soup was really good too.   The presentation of the food is great and I thought it was kind of funny that we were eating off of a gigantic plate. The food all tastes as good as they look though so don't worry :D  I have to point out that the hours of operation are kinda wonky, and they do make everything once ordered so it takes them some time, especially if they are busy. I believe you can call to order take out/pick up. We spent our time walking around the farmer's market as they give you a buzzer for when your food is ready. Wouldn't recommend as a place to grab a quick bite.	 0
These guys make amazing sushi and are super friendly. When your sushi arrives, it is so pretty that it makes you forget you're having lunch at a Farmer's Market. My only wish for these guys is to some day get a place of their own!	 0
The best sushi in town! Its sashimi is so fresh and it melts in your mouth! Their sushi rice is always consistent. Its sushi presentation is very beautiful. Very artistic! I haven't had a same presentation so far. Service? Superior! :)	 0
I love this truly Japanese sushi bar. Wild Pacific Salmon (a first for me in a Calgary sushi bar). Delicious yam tempura. Reasonable prices. I know that this will be a weekly stop for me. I can't wait to return!	 0
First of all, this is not a restaurant. It is a small area in the market. Second, this restaurant has no sushi at all. It only has rolls and small amount of sashimi. If you order solely sashimi, you are ripped off. To be honest, its rolls taste like anywhere else rolls. So i don't like this restaurant. If you want to eat sushi,sashimi and rolls, just go to another one, even Japanese food buffet tastes better than this. Frankly, I don't recommend this restaurant at all unless you are rich and you have no Japanese restaurants available nearby.	 1
Really good and authentic sushi. The guy at the counter is extremely friendly.  We ordered the 911, Alaskan and ten pieces of sashimi. They tasted awesome. Super fresh and had a good combination of flavours.  Their plating is also very creative, they made a dragon using wasabi! Wow!	 0
Big Catch was such a great find for us. We have tried sushi all over Calgary and it is generally okay and often overpriced. Big Catch in my opinion is leading the way in the Calgary sushi scene with very high quality sushi prepared with incredible detail at very reasonable prices. They also seem to always have toro in stock which makes me very happy. I can't tell you how many places in Calgary are always sold out of tuna belly!   I generally like having a beer with sushi so we almost exclusively do take away (no license at the Farmer's Market... yet!). We pretty much place an order every weekend or so. I hope they decide to open up a licensed place some day. They are masters at what they do so they will be successful no matter where they end up.   When you serve amazing food, people will always find you!	 0
Really awesome sushi and really great service! Probably some of the best sushi I've had in the city.	 0
Big Catchwas great sushi place and the chief was super nice! I went for first date and was so nice and we were sooooo full we  ordered the dinner for 3.	 0
My daughter and I visited Big Catch today inside Market on MacLeod, first time and my first impression is that the taste, texture and presentation of the dishes we ordered were excellent. We were quite impressed, not only with the quality of the food but also of the service. I didn't expect them to bring out our dishes and also take them away as we finished eating, perhaps it helped that we were sitting right across from them but kudos to them being quite observant even though they were quite busy when we ordered.  We placed our order and we were given a buzzer/pager and we took a seat; we only waited roughly 5-7 minutes while we strolled casually at the adjacent produce market and patiently anticipated our page to buzz.  We ordered gyoza, the Dragon roll, Dynamite roll and California roll. We were pleased with all of them. What I've noticed was that the different flavors from the ingredients in each of the rolls were distinct, fresh and delicious!  I'm definitely going to recommend this sushi bar to my sister and her family; I will definitely be back to try the other items in their menu.  Keep it up Big Catch, good job!	 0
The best of the best sushi - I hardly miss a week without going to Big Catch - the best I have had in Calgary and Vancouver.    The young men running the business are quite personable and charming and take great pride in what they are doing.  Not only is the food delicious and fresh is presented as beautiful work of art. If you love sushi do not miss checking Big Catch out you will not be disappointed.	 0
The big catch is the best sushi in calgary. There, that's done.  Somehow their sashimi is fresher and fresher every time I eat there (which is quite often.) they are true artists as well, and the presentation is so delightful that it makes a lunch out an enriching experience. The young fellow at the register (whose name I can t remember) is so nice and always has a smile and is so thoughtful and considerate that he brightens my day. But it really comes down to the Toro. It will transport you to a special place.	 0
Ever since Popeye's came out I always wonder what is with all the hype? The drive thru is pretty long to the point it can almost go on the main road and have you seen the inside? It's usually packed. To me Popeye's is just like KFC but a bit more pricier, although their chicken is better than KFC.  Guess you can say Popeye's took a majority of KFC and other local fried chicken customer.   So my girlfriend and I decided to go to the drive thru at 10:30pm in hoping we could give it a shot. Little did we know is that the line was was really long and there was a sign that says it closes at 11pm, so we wondered if there are some people that are almost close to the order box would Popeyes be deny them service or would they try to clear the line as much as possible? It wasn't until we came closer to notice another sign that says "drive thru open until midnight." We proceed with ordering and got a 8 piece half-n-half family meal (half regular and half spicy) which includes 4 biscuits and your choice of a large size. I was disappointed on how the biscuits were dry and the fries were really stale - as if it passed the shelf life and the employees just kept it and didn't bother to cook a fresh batch for the customers. The chicken on the other hand was indeed like what everyone says; juicy and tender. Get this, we ordered a family meal but apparently it didn't came with a drink that was incorporated within the price of $25.  What I find that caught my attention was that there was a truck trailer just parked a couple of metres behind the restaurant and a team of 5 employees had to go out and collect more chicken. That's a big  red flag because it's not stored in the proper storage temperature and can contain cross contamination! The trailer could be temperature controlled but we don't know that so it's best to say that it is "cooked" through room temperature.  Although my experience was okay I would have to go back in order for a second review.   Popeye's Louisiana Chicken is a definite must try. Would I recommend this restaurant? Probably to those who want to try something else besides KFC.	 0
This chicken is the best I've had, but unfortunately I tried only 1 piece and cold fries as my hubby picked up a 4 piece to go and only saved me a piece!! But I'm glad he did, otherwise I would never had tried it. So much flavour and you can get regular and spicy. It is juicy, not greasy, and the fries are well seasoned. I did not try cornbread as my hubby couldn't save a bite for me, but he says fantastic! I loved it, but I will do a true review when I can actually sit and enjoy the hot meal!!	 0
OK, These are 5 fast food stars- so tamper your expectations to a level where you are receiving food in a paper bag though a window... OK, you there?  I went here NYE at about 8:45 PM. The restaurant is newly opened, and popular, I had heard stories of lineups and traffic jams, but man, when you need some red beans and rice, you need it, right? I have to say, door to door from my car only took 14 minutes- I think this was incredibly fast considering there were 8 people in line in front of me inside the store, and at least 10 vehicles waiting in the drive through. In addition, one person ahead of me ordered over 50 pieces, and this barely held up the line! I have to say, the staff and manager here are top notch. Let me say that again, the staff were handling this like pros- I hope they keep up the quality level and don't let it slide.   OK the food- It's popeyes. If you have had the chance to visit this chain in the states, then no surprises here, if you have never had popeyes, and only know the sad existence of KFC, then you are in for a WOW! Chicken is crispier, juicy and deliciouser (I know that's not a real word) than KFC. The spicy style is where it's at- don't forget to ask for honey (it's free!) and hot sauce to go with. You can also order half regular half spicy for no extra charges. To be honest, it is not far off from Olive chicken, but with a cajun zing. And great sides. Mashed potatoes and gravy here are a total win! and of course red beans and rice (although I have to say I think it's better in the states, using a popeyes in Ottawa as comparison too, no idea why though...) Coleslaw is forgettable, mac and cheese is OK, fries are average but I always go for mashed potatoes or beans and rice. Corn on the cob is OK, but tastes watery- like it was cooked, frozen and then reheated (which in reality is probably exactly what happened...) The biscuits are really good too, but don't ever look up the nutritional info on those. Trust me, you don't want to know. really. just eat the biscuit.  Totally worth a visit if you are in the mood for fried chicken, but if you hate line ups give it a few more weeks, or plan a visit at an off hour. My only regret is that they don't seem to have "Cajun Sparkle" which are little seasoning packets that popeyes in the states always have- I fill my pockets with those when I can, so useful in the home kitchen ;)	 0
Huge lineup, it's boxing day 9pm and we were here barely 10 minutes. It took longer to find a spot to park than to order and get our food.  Fast and good service and the chicken is yummy! I want to add more to this review but I want to eat my chicken.  P.s. it is probably faster to walk in and order them lineup through drive thru, the drive thru lineup was out around the corner!	 0
We waited for 35 minutes in the drive through, but were excited to try something new and were really hungry so we each ordered platters, one regular, one spicy. You get a dry biscuit with your chicken order,  and a choice of two sides, coleslaw & Cajun fries was our choice. The chicken was over cooked, dry and very bland!  Such a disappointment after reading the reviews. We got 4 pieces of chicken each for roughly $30 & ate two pieces each and threw the rest in the garbage bin.  We certainly won't waste this kind of money on their so called Louisiana Chicken ever again.	 1
Comparing to it's competitor-KFC, it 100% deserves a five star rating! New business in YYC, very busy, and always lined up both inside and drive through.But that's nothing to do with the store. Who known it would be so popular! Excellent services. Staff there is consistently clean the table and store while answering the questions in a very politely manner. For people who had experience got some dry piece...I assume the manager would change for you if you let them know?	 0
ammazinfly good chixken.  Why can't all places have this great the food. Is it so hard to learn to time and prepare everything properly. The chickeneers amazing tender juicy all the flavors you ask for the sauce is great everyone coming here it's an hour wait now line up anytime of the day. You don't even need to read this review if you see this place and you see a line up at the door you know it's the best most amazing chicken you are going to have. everyone orders 30 to 50$ worth here of chicken so just wait and it will come.	 0
Love it. Real crispy chicken. The way KFC used to be once upon a time. i was craving crispy chicken and popeye have it.	 0
This Asian fusion place is a casual sit down (capacity for about 17) but primarily serves the takeout and delivery crowd. Portions are a healthy size and definitely good value for the dollars ($$).  I had the beef and broccoli chow mien where the beef brisket chunks were huge and not just a few of them. The only negative would be slightly too much sauce, but that may be a matter of taste.  I'd gladly come back and try some more of the inviting dishes on the menu!	 0
I miss Koob (and its fantastic koobideh!) a lot but I have to say that Foo Food is a trade up. First, they've done a huge reno that's given us proper seating (and lots for such a small space), washrooms, and a much more inviting space in general.   Foo is "Asian fusion" and it's fast service, order at the counter and your meal is delivered to you, very fast service done efficiently at very good prices given portion size and quality, and it's all very nicely plated... I love this style of dining, not intimidating table service if you're dining alone (which I usually am) but it's all done with real porcelain, real metal utensils. It's not fast food per se but it's fast... very reminiscent of, say, the outstanding Watercress Vietnamese to the west on 17th.  Anyway, the food is delicious, all sauces and condiments made in-house and the flavours are complex and interesting. What I had for lunch today really impressed, fantastic from start to finish: pork dumplings with a peanut sauce condiment that was just off the chain delicious... could have had two orders of that... and then fried rice with beef and kimchi. This wasn't what I expected, which was strong Korean flavours with a lot of gochujang; it was actually more Thai flavoured, with thai basil in there, but the rice was toothsome and of perfect texture and everything worked beautifully. Could have been a tad spicier but I'll attend to that next time. This was $22 all in (water to drink) and was absolutely worth it. Thrilled to see this Victoria success story open in Calgary.	 0
Another addition to the already great food scene in Mission :)  Parking available is whatever is on the streets unless you want to pay for the parking lot across the street. Parking in Mission is always limited, so I usually park further away and choose to walk a few blocks.   Tried this place twice already and the dishes I've tried so far were all great. It is a fairly small restaurant with limited number of seats, but I did see many people get take-out and haven't seen the place packed yet. It's one of those places where you pay for your food first and then wait for your food (take-out or dine in). I think if you view it as fast food it may seem a little expensive, but I thought the prices were reasonable for the location and how fresh the ingredients are. I didn't like that it was a self-serve for water and utensils, especially when they ask for a tip while you pay for your food. (PS. Do you tip when you pay for your food before you receive it? Will the service be crappy if you don't tip first? What it I want to tip after I eat - will they spit in my food? This is why I hate pay-first restaurant-style places)  The first visit I had the lettuce wraps with ground chicken. The chicken was cooked really well and was full of flavour. I took leftovers home and it reheated well too.   The second time I tried the octopus salad and the red coconut curry. The octopus salad was good, definitely a bit smaller in portion but thought the salad dressing was good, and the octopus covered in sweet chili sauce was great also. The red coconut curry was flavourful and it looked small in portion at first, but we were both pretty full after eating these two dishes.   Overall I really enjoyed the food here and would definitely visit again. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend to friends and family as well if you are looking for a yummy quick bite on 4th!	 0
I love everything on the menu! I like that you order from the till and then serve yourself for water and utensils. It was super casual but the food was amazing. Had the chicken curry , the Tuna soba and I think it was a vegetarian falafel curry? Could be way off. They were all delicious though!	 0
So delicious!! We went to Foo for the first time tonight and were so happy we did! We ordered the green papaya salad and requested a little less spice (because I'm pregnant and have the worst heartburn known to humanity), and they were super gracious - made it to the perfect spice level for me. It was crunchy and perfectly balanced. The Broccoli and beef chow mein was fresh, with great flavour and beautiful tender chunks of brisket. We also ordered the coconut chicken lettuce cups - amazing!! Rich coconut flavour and kaffir lime made this dish addictive! Thank you for the excellent service and delicious, fresh food! We will be back for sure!	 0
So good!! I got the beef and broccoli chow mien and it was delicious and the portion was gigantic, I'll be eating it for lunch again tomorrow and I can't wait.   I got my food as take out and my food was ready extremely quickly and all ingredients were very fresh.	 0
Great Flavors  very fresh ingredients, nice find for us as we wanted something quick but not priced crazy like some of the places on 4th street.  Portions were fair and quite large for the value.  There were 2 of us and we shared the Papaya Salad and coconut chicken lettuce crisps.  I guess place is only 2 days old. Hope it stays.  Casual eat in or dine out.  I'd come again.  Thanks	 0
We had the Pad Thai and it was OK, yes just OK.  Defiantly not worth the price at all, way to expensive for you get.  With 4th St and 17th Ave offering so many other Asian restaurants we probably won't go back to Foo as the prices are a bit insane for what you get.	 1
Items Selected: Mushroom Tempura - King Oyster, Shimeji, Truffle Ponzu, Green Onion, Nori Maple Hill Chicken Wings - Sablefish Kabayaki, Sesame Foie Gras & Tofu - Smoked Bone Marrow, Steam Bun, Plum, Pistachio, Sesame Short Rib & Rice Gnocchi - Soy Marinade, Cabbage, Mushroom, Onion, Green Onion Roasted Kobacha Squash - Brown Butter Soy, Cashews, Ginger, Yuzu Potstickers - Pork, Prawn, Tofu, Glass Noodles, Black Vinegar, Chili Garlic Oil Double Espresso - Ice Sweet Potato Trifle - Coconut Sponge Cake, Sweet Potato Custard, Corn Pop Ice Cream Fuyu Persimmon Cheesecake - Preserved Dates, White Chocolate Curry Crumble, Kaenip, Lemon Dark Chocolate White Truffle Pate - Black Vinegar, Orange Compote, Chocolate Gochujang Ice Cream   Located just up the street from Model Milk, an area passed through frequently both for dining and en route to downtown Calgary, Chef Roy Oh's Anju played host to a Sunday dinner that will go down as one of the most memorable in Western Canada, the modern Korean concept based on "food consumed with Alcohol" requiring none of the latter to be as delicious as it was intriguing.  Open now for dinner and late-nights seven days a week, Brunch on weekends also a popular event, Anju was originally placed on my agenda thanks to a story about Chef Oh's roundabout path to a career in the kitchen, a non-traditional route that includes no formal culinary education, but rather the influence of his Mother plus a whole lot of tenacity and good fortune.  Furthering my interest reading the accolades achieved since opening, a perennial slot on several "Best of" lists suggesting that the combination of boldly flavored cuisine and an upscale space has continued to evolve and impress over time, it was just after 6:45 that I was sat between two groups of four, their orders at first giving me pause considering the portion sizes, the server also offering warning that "two-to-four" plates per person was reasonable, though a total of nine including Dessert proved well-worth testing my stomach's resolve.  Well designed with mixed-woods, white walls, upward shining lights and an open kitchen, those born prior to 1996 also likely to appreciate a soundtrack featuring the likes of TLC and Blackstreet playing overhead, it was in five well-paced courses that the evening progressed over the course of approximately 130 minutes, an opening plate of mixed Mushrooms lightly battered and exceedingly flavorful even before dipping in Ponzu, a rare occasion where Truffle Oil was well-utilized to accentuate the flavor rather than masquerade as something justifying a substantial price-hike.  More than a little well-known for their Korean Fried Chicken, available as a large sharable plate but far more accessible for solo diners as Wings, Anju's product from Maple Hill Farms covers all the bases for what a great Bird should be by coming across plump with a thick and crispy coating lacquered in Sauce, a total of four available with the housemade smoked Sablefish Kabayaki and Sesame outperforming David Chang's Octo-Vinaigrette as relates to both sticky-thickness and umami.  Impressed to this point, but happy to have expectations exceeded, Anju's "Foie Gras & Tofu" arrived next to achieve the rare feat of redefining a luxury ingredient, the Mousse thick yet light with Plums draped over and ready to be smeared on seared Steam Buns with a bit of smoke and salinity added by shaved Marrow and Soy.  Pressing onward to two completely different types of 'Noodles,' the springy nuggets of glutinous Rice an adept backdrop for tender Short Rib and Cabbage while the Potstickers came connected by a delicate lattice with a lot of funk and medium heat, it was actually Anju's seasonal Kobacha Squash that made quite an impact by way of Soy-infused-Butter, Cashews and bright top-notes of Citrus and Ginger.  Taking a strong Double Espresso to refresh the palate and invigorate, all three desserts proving as irresistible as reviews suggest, one would be hard-pressed to decide which to omit if forced to do so, the Sweet Potato Trifle without a doubt the lightest and sweetest thanks to Cereal Milk Ice Cream and an airy Sponge Cake while the Fuyu Persimmon Cheesecake ate like one made with Ricotta amidst well-balanced Citrus and minty notes, the "Dark Chocolate White Truffle Pate" another undeniable umami-bomb that may not suit everyone's palate, but proved defiantly delectable with the acidity playing off sweetness and a lingering bit of heat from the Red Chili paste.	 0
ANJU is a Korean inspired restaurant. I went for brunch and had the eggs benny with shrimp and avocado, and the mushroom toast. Both were AMAZING (although the eggs benny was a bit better).   Staff were very friendly and wait times for food were normal.   Recommended this restaurant to several friends already and highly recommend it if you can make it out to downtown Calgary.	 0
Nothing but positive words come to mind when I think about Anju. I've loved this place since they were at their old location at the further west end of downtown, so it was not a surprise to me that they moved to a bigger and better venue.  The tapas style menu allows you to try all of everything they have to offer, and trust me, I've come close to doing that! Their spicy salmon tacos, chicken wings (get the gochujang sauce on the side if you want a bit of heat) and the crispy tofu are my top picks. Each plate is explosive with flavor and makes you wanting more - or coming back again if you overeaten and there's still things you want to try (like I've done many times)  This place is usually pretty busy, but once you get in, you'll understand why and know it's worth the wait.	 0
I'm in love with Anju! I've been a fan since before they moved to their current 17th Ave space, and very consistently, I've had many great meals here!  I've gone to Anju several times before: for dinner, late night, and weekend brunch. They stick fairly close to their namesake, serving mainly smaller plates for enjoying with alcohol. In other words tapas or izakaya style. Anju does offer larger mains on their dinner menu but I very much enjoy the smaller plates and sharing style of eating. You get to try so much more food that way. ;)  Everything at Anju does of course pair great with drinks. Be it soju or cocktails or beer or wine, whatever you please, with or without alcohol. Their friendly staff is always happy to answer pairing questions or any other menu questions. Service at Anju has always been top notch.  Now, I haven't been blown away by everything I've eaten at Anju, but I have had some formative food moments there! That's always a rare and magical thing and it takes a lot for any restaurant to be SO good that you feel like you hadn't tasted real food before that point!  But hyperbole aside, one mind blowing moment for me was when I had Anju's KFC for the first time. ;) That's Korean Fried Chicken w/ gochujang sauce. They're quite possibly the best hot wings in the city! I never realized that the standard pub hot wing could be elevated in such an awesome way without becoming stuffy "fine dining!" That might sound odd or obvious, but this was a new concept for me at the time!   Anju occasionally changes how they manifest this chicken dish. Whether it's in slider form or as wings, this is a must try! No joke, I love them!  My next favourite would be pretty much anything on their late night menu! They don't offer the menu all the time, but if you have a chance to try it out, I highly recommend you take it! (Usually starting at 11pm.) It's all that good craving inducing, bad for your body, good for your soul type food! Eg: Korean cheesesteak or spicy rice cake with ramen noodles. You get what I mean! ;p  Another dish I recommend is their hanger steak tartare. It's Anju's take/nod to/shoutout to the Korean raw beef dish: Yuk Hwae. Anju's version includes Korean pear, a quail egg, smoked bone marrow, pine nuts, soy and sesame. Yum!  Along with the KFC, another cult favourite is their oxtail tortellini, aka beef dumplings, aka sogori mandu. Hop onto Instagram if you want many, many shots of this dish from many, many people! It is very tasty, but wait... I'm going to say something controversial now: as much as I love the tortellini at Anju, I personally feel that Shokunin makes a better dumpling! *shock*  Now, that's just my very subjective tastes! You'll have to try them both out yourself to see if you agree! ;p  In general, it is hard to go wrong at Anju! You will probably need a reservation if you're going on a busy night (Friday or Saturday especially.) But this place is a local favourite for a reason. Chef Roy creates some truly soul warming food. I mean who doesn't feel cared for after a delicious hot stone bowl meal, or some good crispy double smoked bacon! Please try this place, enjoy the deliciousness, add to the Instagram tortellini stack if the mood strikes you, and have a great time! Cheers!	 0
I think this place well deserves to get 5 stars; great atmosphere, amazing food, professional service and good price for a good food; it might be on the higher side in terms of pricing but you are paying for a well prepared, professionally designed dishes in a live atmosphere. This is a Korean restaurant with tapas style menu that allows you to try different things and share if you want. Lots of options to choose from but the Crispy Tofu was amazing, the Chicken Wings were just cooked in perfection and the Salmon Tacos were also super delicious.  Again it's not cheap but worth the price.	 0
One of our favourite places to eat.  Incredible food with amazing infused flavours.  This restaurant is better suited for a group of 4 or more, (only so you can try a variety off the menu)  We are a huge fan and recommend it to anyone visiting YYC.	 0
I think if I were a wealthy meat eater who didn't like authentic Korean food Anju would appeal to me. I've come here a few times at the behest of friends and have tried getting my own dish as well as sharing (which they recommend) and I've always left feeling unsatisfied. There are very limited vegetarian options (probably only one or two main meal options). I got tofu bibimbap once and it was very bland and super expensive for bubimbap (close to $20) - and there weren't even side dishes! When I've come here to share their small plates, my friends who did eat meat enjoyed the food but it was such a small amount for what you're paying that you feel kinda ripped off. I'm not sure they should advertise that it's meant to be shared. I mean if you only get like 3 tortellinis or 4 mushrooms in a small dish is eating 2/3 of one piece of food really that fulfilling? Sorry but I'm not cultured or fancy enough to understand Anju's whole fusion concept. I'm just a cheap fatty who doesn't want to pay twice as much as I would pay for filling and tasty real Korean food that isn't that far away. I don't recommend visiting unless you're really into fusion.	 1
Great food and atmosphere even though it was a bit on the loud side. The service was top notch and was impressed with the taste of the various dishes that were ordered. I recommend this place and would definitely go back!! : )	 0
This place is awesome. The interior is like a jewel box with their rich colors and beautiful lights. And the food was excellent. The best beep bim bop I have every had. So good.	 0
Looooooved this place. The food, style, waitress, drinks.  Upscale and a bit pricy but admit was it delicious!!!! I'd go back often.	 0
Finally got to visit the new Anju. I had been to their prior location before they closed.  With this new location I had tried a few times to get in & either had user errors with booking (lol) or didn't hear back. All good.   Brought a friend in for lunch who had never been and our eyes were way bigger than our tummy's but we still ordered four dishes (smaller plates) to share. It was a lot of food but we did our best to finish it all.  We had dolsot bibimbap, crispy tofu with pork belly, lemongrass brussels sprouts, and spicy salmon tacos. I loved it all but right now I am on a caramelized brussels sprouts kick so they were my favourite of this meal. I need to get back there soon to try some more good eats.  The decor is spacious and lovely. Our waitress helpful and friendly. I recommend Anju to any out of towners looking for a great Korean food experience.	 0
There comes a time when you dine at a restaurant and it becomes the most satisfying experience you've had in years. Among the Labor Day holiday shenanigans my friend and I planned, Workshop was a spontaneous choice, given our tardiness at a previous reservation (due to our thorough exploration of the city). But as always with spontaneity, that's when you come across hidden gems. The place is easily recognizable with its old theatrical sign and wooden stand-up sign, paired with the Theatre Junction Grand inside the historic Grand Theatre building. Would definitely like to return for more delicious food and to catch a show at the theatre.  We just walked in and decided to sit at the bar seats surrounding the open kitchen. Best decision I've made in a while. The chefs were really friendly, and props to Kenny and the crew for cooking delicious dishes with good cuts of meat and fresh produce. I HIGHLY recommend going for either the three-course or five-course impromptu menu. It's very satisfying watching the chefs work their magic and put together delicious dishes that aren't on the menu, with fresh ingredients that meld in your mouth!   My friend and I went for the three-course to share, and enjoyed every bite! (Well, I admit I had most of it, but I regret nothing! hah!)  - First on the line was an amuse-bouche: a crustini topped with yuzu-dressed salmon. A fresh, savory bite to wet the palate for the glory to come!  - First course was a salmon and veal dish with a cauliflower falafel. The salmon was nicely done and the skin was crisped to perfection. The veal was cooked perfectly and complemented the lighter flavor/textures of the fish.  - Next up came a veal and potato jenga blocks with asparagus and ratatouille. More veal is never a bad thing. The dish was definitely hearty, but well balanced with meat, carbs, and vegetables. Their jenga blocks were an ingenious way to break the monotony of serving meat with fries, potato wedges, mash, and other more traditional starchy goodness. Layering potato slices into a mille-feuille, and then slicing them into jenga blocks gave the potato enough crisp yet retained enough moisture within each piece. The little jewel box-sized ratatouille was another solid layer of flavor in the dish. The chefs joked I'd be in trouble with this one... but I devoured the dish like no other!  - New player as entered the game! Towards the beginning of the night, my friend was amazed by dish the chefs were whipping up: a cast-iron mini-plate of cheese, bacon jelly, and walnuts served with sliced crustini. She was so intrigued that as the night progressed Kenny turns over and remarks - don't worry, I'll make you one to try. Hence the curve-ball to surprise our palates with a symphony of savoriness and sweetness. The hot plate kept the cheese from solidifying, and the bacon jelly was to die for!   - The 'official' third course was a bread-pudding cake with a chocolate truffle, maple and walnuts. Feel like my memory is botching this dish, but it was a dessert that should be heavy after a plethora of food, but the most notable aspect was that it wasn't. The cake had a good density to fill the mouth with a hefty mouthful.  Props to Workshop for the amazing dinner and hospitality! A sublime experience, with a yelp review that only scratches the surface. If you ever find yourself in Calgary, I cannot more highly recommend this place.	 0
Absolutely amazing meal. Staff was super attentive and chef Kenny visited our table several times, once to ask which cut of the ribeye we wanted, more fat or lean, you had me at fat!  The space is very interesting, like it is a pop up staged in the lobby of a theatre, but obviously they are a permanent restaurant.  Best meal we have in Calgary by far...	 0
Wow wow wow!! We did the 5 course improv dinner here on thursday and are so glad we did!! We had an amazing server that took great care of us. If you're doing the 5 course improv be sure to not plan anything else and enjoy your time. There wasn't a single dish I didn't love! They keep it a surprise too and just tell you the proteins.  It's a small little restaurant so be sure to make resos just in case!!	 0
$25 3 course lunch plus a pop. I had the tomato pancetta soup, fish of the day which was crusted with quinoa and a salmon croquettes and a brownie. Plus a lavender lemonade pop. Everything was fantastic and large portions. Would go back for sure as everything on the menu looked awesome!	 0
It was my first time at Workshop and we came because of all of the great reviews, which we TOTALLY AGREE with!  From the moment we walked in, the service was impeccable.  The hostess made us feel welcome immediately and we were seated just as quickly.  Our waitress was so wonderful.  She was just attentive enough.  She knew when to come over and also when to let us enjoy the meal.  I loved the maple cinnamon drink!  We also had the 3 course improv meal and it was so nice to be surprised to see what was coming up next.  Each dish was prepared exquisitely and presented well.  We were very happy with everything throughout and can't wait to drop by again!	 0
Superb food, Great environment and fun staff.  The food quality here is impressive and the dishes are original.  It has a laid back vibe that's cool without being pretentious. The staff is knowledgeable and relatable.  I came here twice In a week and I was so happy.	 0
Absolutely the worst value and most disappointing meal we have had in Calgary, and we have lived here all our lives.  We paid top dollar and then some for a chef's choice, and it was awful, except for the tiny appetizers.  The table top was dirty and sticky, the chairs were brutally uncomfortable, and while the staff was friendly, the waitress blew it.  When my wife complained that her glass of wine was dirty, with a lump of something on the glass, she took the drink away and returned with the same glass of wine which they had tried to scrape the lump off of, but had not.  If my wife had told me, I would have called a manager over, but she only mentioned it on the way home.   We were served a dish that they said was duck, but it was as tender as an old piece of chuck, and tasted more like chuck than duck as well. The price for this disaster was excessive and nothing about the meal nor the experience was enjoyable, other than the company that we were with.  This restaurant may be trendy, but none of the six of us would suggest it is worth a try.	 1
Best restaurant in downtown Calgary....by far!!  Everything was delicious.  Actually one of the best restaurants I've ever been too. Period. And I am a foodie.	 0
The menu is ever changing and dynamic! Certainly a culinary experience worth having! Go for the 3 or 5 course meal and you won't regret it.	 0
Service: Excellent Rationale: The staff is friendly and attentive. They excel at their jobs, which is key to a successful restaurant. They created a great atmosphere.  Food: Meh, Not My Favorite Rationale: We ordered the Tasting Menu with wine pairings (5-course). Honestly, the amuse-bouche was underwhelming (a piece of "Wagyu beef" which I suspect was not authentic because of the taste). The second course was a piece of tuna sashimi with a smoked tomato in a broth, the flavor of this was really gross as the smoke flavor overpowered the entire dish and not to mention that raw tuna and smoked flavor does not go well together. The Korean beef dish was OK and I liked the charred creativity there, but again, not worth the price for quality of cooking. I can't even remember the other dishes because they were underwhelming.   I feel like this place is just another gastropub that's trying to make its way in Calgary. You know, those restaurants that use smoke flavor, truffle, etc to try to elevate mediocre ingredients and cooking. To their credit, this place does a better job than just that, but they're still missing a culinary mark here. At least, take the tasting menu option off the menu because it's not a strong enough assortment for your price point.	 1
Pausing in Calgary between mountain trips and stopped in for dinner.  Loved the space and ambiance. Servers were attentive and very nice. I sat up at the bar right in front of the kitchen and it was very cool to watch them all in action. They were also nice to do half orders so I could try more things. I had the gnocchi, crispy brussels sprouts and the scallop small plate.  All were great and so were the cocktails (forgot the name but my fav of the 2 I had was mixed with ice tea, grand marnier  and bourbon I believe...)	 0
There was no debating whether or not Workshop Kitchen + Culture deserves five stars or not, this place amazed me from the minute I walked in the door.  I love that they've left some of the Showcase Grand Theater architectural element exposed and as part of the design. The seating is comfortable and despite having an open kitchen I was able to easily hear both the waiter and my dining companion. The food is both flavourful and well prepared. The dishes are very unique and imaginative and the cocktail menu also reflects that. Though I can guarantee you will want everything on the menu, make sure you leave room for dessert because it is stunning!  Workshop Kitchen + Culture is meant to be fully open on Monday, September 22.	 0
I usually do not recommend going out for dinner on New Years Eve........however 4 of us found ourselves making reservations for the 8 pm , 5 course dinner seating at Workshop Kitchen + Culture. What a great decision.......The space was large but very well laid out , comfortable not cavernous.     The 5 course dinner offered just enough options so that everyone had no problems making choices to tailor their dining adventure. We opted out of the paired wines and went with a fabulous white wine suggested by Colby......our waitress and dinner guide. Colby was terrific. I highly recommend visiting Workshop........great dining in a comfortable and quiet space........imagine. ..great food without having to yell at your friends across the table.	 0
Negative for food and service, yep, which one should i go first?  Ramen:  the taste is not too bad, BUT - insanely MSG, you have to drink gallons of water after and still feel thirsty like your body is leaking - among our bowls, some noodles are not done yet, still raw and hard in the middle, and noodles in different bowls are DIFFERENT! for my Cha Cha it is thick like a straw but in tonkotsu it is thin as thread, nothing is written on the menu, or did you just put in wrong ones by mistakes? - we had it on a Sunday night, no alcohol involved and that was our last meal, some of us had a sleepless night afterwards and took a sick day today, the others? spent the rest of night in the washroom, oh, and the next morning.  Man, you have a serious problem with your food do you know that? it is not even about the quality.   the service were much more interesting: 1. the greeter at the door did not know how to do a waiting list and start panicing and look around for manager. srsly? gimme a pen and paper and everybody can show you. just the name and # of ppl? 2. when the waiter was at our table, his face is just WAY TOO CLOSE to customers, like if i blink the eye lashes will be on his face close. is it now popular for la bise in japanese restaurant? this is so awkward, and boy, you are just not cute enough to have the privilege.   3. we asked for the bill, the waiter grabbed the manager, manager typed sth in the computer, and thats the end of story. then we waited for 20 min at least. and they were still swinging by like nothing happend? hello? the bill? 4. so finally we grabbed another guy, my original words are: can we have the bill please? we asked for it 20 mins ago. he looked at us, 5 second pause, and respond in Chinese: do you want the bill? uuggh? why?? is your translator broken or what??   overall, even if i say dont go, you prob still will. so maybe just wait a little bit till they find out what they are doing? and get an iron stomach.	 1
Reading the other reviews that are heavily negative, I think people are being too harsh on this newly opened restaurant. Whatever their reason is, I don't think this place deserves a 1 star!  Went there for lunch with a colleague on Friday, I had the white premium tontaksu (prob spelt it wrong) and my friend had the black tontaksu. The broth was VERY flavourful and thick without being overly salty (yums). The pork was not as fatty as some other ramen places so that was nice. My ramen came with thin noodles which I liked and my friend's ramen came with thick noodles. Properly soft boiled eggs / seasoned eggs. We both enjoyed our ramen! (It's comparable to Santouka in Vancouver)  We also ordered the crispy chicken and it was super fresh. I'm guessing it's breaded in-house with their own seasoning and fried to order. Will definitely order again.   It did take awhile till our food came to the table though, but I'm guessing that's because they only opened a few days ago. But with good company, a nice decor and delicious ramen, it's worth the wait.	 0
Okay, I didn't have the ramen so cannot speak to it, but what I did have I LOVED. I got a too-big order of "crispy chicken" (chicken karaage), a medium order of 10 pieces and it was among the best I've ever had. Lovely tender juicy boneless thigh pieces and a ponzu dipping sauce. Absolutely fantastic. Then I added an order of gyoza. I still think that the best gyoza in town are at Midori (pity the value ratio there has become terrible) but these are pretty damn good.   I will order the karaage every time I go here- I'm already wanting to head back and I was just there about an hour ago!  Service was a tiny bit scattered but friendly. I went at 4:30 and the place was already getting full what with some decent happy hour specials, but I grabbed a seat right away and was in and out in barely 40 minutes. Good music. I liked the entire experience.	 0
sorry to post a negative review but the food and service were pretty bad..  there were more than enough number of staff members but they worked as if they were short staffed. A girl who seemed to be the manager or hostess looked so stressed out by her servers.  Food I dont expect so much out of Calgary anyway, but the service they should do something about it..	 1
Went to Jinya on opening night and I've been waiting to come here since they've been renovating.   When we first arrived, there was a long line of customers waiting for a table- which is expected on opening night. My main issue with this, is that the staff do not know what they were doing. The front of house staff had to double check with the owner (I assume) which causes confusion and extra waiting time for customers. Once we were seated by the ramen bar, we had clear view of the kitchen. Within 30 secs, a server came over to get our drink orders. Which would be awesome, instead, he basically told us to order right away because there was a big line of customers and we should eat as quickly as we can and get out or he couldn't get us our food. I was shocked that he would even mention being accommodating to other customers when I've barely been in my chair for 5 minutes. I literally just hung up my coat on the back of my chair.   Anyhow, I was hungry so we made a swift decision on what to get. I got the Sprouting Up Ramen (keep in mind, I hadn't even looked at the menu for very long, I just got the first thing on there.), it was a standard bowl of ramen, nothing to write home about. It was an odd but surprising pairing with Brussels sprouts on the top. The noodles themselves was cooked perfectly chewy. I could however, see inside the kitchen from the ramen bar, and watch the chefs unpack packets of pre-made noodles. There was a trolley of cardboard box with packets upon packets of uncooked noodles.  It's now about 4 hours from finishing my meal and no amount of drinks could help me get rid of the bitter taste in my mouth -- a big red flag telling me there's MSG in the broth. We also ordered the Tonkotsu Spicy Ramen and Tokyo Curry Rice. They were okay, but very mediocre.   When we finished our meal, we asked for the bill and the guy comes over with the check and the debit machine. Halfway through processing our transaction, he tells us to get up and go to the till at the door (where there are a ton of people waiting for a table) so he doesn't waste time helping to pay for our mediocre meal. The service was horrendous, even for opening night. The food was average and definitely pale when compared to all the other Japanese restaurants in Calgary. I still can't believe the level of terrible service we received. Needless to say, I will not be returning to this restaurant nor will I recommend it to anyone.	 1
We've gone downtown just to get a slice of Apple Pie with cheddar in the crust. A Black Manhattan pairs well but you can't go wrong with any of their cocktails really.  Sunday Supper is also a fave excuse to go to Model Milk, as it's a super fun way to get together with friends or family. They do a set menu for s really reasonable price, and we all just LOVE the meal and the experience of it every single time!	 0
Items ordered: CAREFUL YOU - Apple Puree, Sweet Tea, Lemon, Simple Syrup, Bitters RED FIFE SOURDOUGH - Cultured Butter CHEDDAR DOUGHNUTS - Black Pepper ROASTED HEIRLOOM CARROTS - Savoury Hazelnut Praline, Carrot Harissa SALT BAKED SWEET POTATO - Taleggio Cream, Crispy Chicken, Chicken Broth 21-DAY DRY AGED DUCK - Confit Leg, Roasted Breast, Sultana Mole, Black Garlic, Parsnip DOUBLE ESPRESSO - Ice, Brown Sugar Cube TWICE BAKED BRIOCHE - Rum, Orange Marmalade, Almond, Spiced Chantilly M.M. APPLE PIE - Cheddar Crust, Milk Ice Cream  Currently felt by many to be Alberta's most important restaurant, British Columbia native and Chef/Owner Justin Leboe's training taking him from Napa Valley to New York to Copenhagen throughout the years, Model Milk was booked for dinner during my first day in Calgary, an early Saturday seat at the counter providing full-view of the kitchen run by Executive Chef Eric Hendry.  Housed in an old dairy, a quadruple-tiered space with a bar at bottom, seats along a loft as well as the main floor and kitchen built into a former loading dock, Model Milk is best described as modern Canadian cooking with an ingredient-driven focus, the menu changing frequently save for a few signatures and divided into Bar Snacks, Small Plates, Large Plates and Large Format (for two.)  Without doubt a going concern, every seat filled save for a lone walk-in barstool by 7:30pm, it is with pleasantries that patrons are greeted at a hostess podium up a short flight of steps, the white walls decorated in old signage lightly reverberating overhead music often drowned out by the din of clinking cutlery and conversing voices.  Served by a young man with a British accent who proudly proclaimed himself a Sommelier between jokey rehearsed lines, a pleasant shtick that only wore thin when it led to him later omitting part of the order, it was after some perusal and questions bout portion-sizes that a four-course meal was crafted of seven plates, the non-alcoholic "Careful You" an absolute steal at $6CAD for sour Apple Puree thickening brewed Tea, Lemon and mellow Bitters.  Told up front that the assemblage of plates would be "a lot" of food, a truthful statement to some degree but certainly no more volume that most fine-dining tasting menus, it was with a plate of tangy Sourdough alongside a knob of house-cultured butter that the meal got underway, the decision to charge for Bread justified by the Loaf's robust Crust and springy Crumb while four savory Doughnuts registered somewhere between Gougeres and Cheez-Its beneath an avalanche of finely-grated Cheddar slowly melting over the warm Dough.  Intrigued by the produce-focused small-plates, an expected emphasis on Root Vegetables and Tubers given sub-zero temperatures outside, two roasted Carrots beneath a dusting of crumbled nuts was soon presented in a pool of vibrant orange 'Harissa,' the follow-up of charred Sweet Potato topped in shaved Chicken Cracklins' made equally complex by way of airy Taleggio Cream and savory broth added at the tableside.  Always happy to see Rougie Duck, the Quebec-based purveyor repeatedly outperforming Hudson Valley's best in the past, it is without hesitation that I can say Chef Hendry's dry-aged Breast not only out-portions, but also outshines that at Michelin 3* Eleven Madison Park in Manhattan, the crisp Skin and a ribbon of fat around a rosy Breast well paired to sweet Mole while the confit Leg found even more umami in a smear of Black Garlic.  Partaking in an $8CAD Double Espresso before dessert, the combination of a small pastry station and a plate forgotten due to too much chatter seeing the bold brew long-gone before either plate arrived, suffice it say that no meal at Model Milk should end without at least a slice of the signature sweet n' savory Apple Pie served warm and sloppy, the Baba au Rhum-Gateau Basque hybrid entitled 'Twice Baked Brioche' no less delicious with gooey pudding center rich in Booze and Almond paste with Orange Zest playing well off the aromatic Whipped Cream topping.	 0
My husband and I went here twice for celebrations and it was hands down some of the best food and drink I've had here in Calgary!   Coming from Vancouver, I am a foodie at heart and I was so happy to go to Model Milk and see some of the most earnest chefs, servers, bartenders, and restauranteurs pushing the boundaries of food culture here in Calgary. The menu is small but complete and well thought out. The cocktails are as creative and delicious as the food!  Price range... Well seeing the final bill is not for the faint of heart... but I think it's well worth it!  Ambience... intimate and cozy with good music. Open kitchen concept so you can watch if you choose to sit at the kitchen bar and ogle the ridiculously beautiful and tasty looking food passing you by.... did I mention that I get food envy....  Service... first class service! The servers are exceptionally knowledgeable about both their menu as well as ingredients in general. Our server happily discussed the ingredients of certain dishes with us and even brought over samples of some cocktail ingredients we were not familiar with. Very accommodating and obviously passionate about food and drink!  Food... I have not had a single dish I did not love here. I believe the menu may have changed but I have tried the trout, wagyu tri-tip, calamari, salmon ceviche, and lamb. The meats were succulent and flavourful. The seasoning was perfect, with complex and balanced flavours. Fabulous textures and incredible use of herbs and spices... who knew something like pickled mustard seeds could add just enough acidity to make a dish perfect  (that would be the wagyu). And lastly, the presentation was beautiful as well.  A whole package deal, albeit an expensive one. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a special night out.	 0
This was a GREAT MEAL! I won't repeat other comments but have to extol one of the best desserts I've ever had in a resto anywhere: The ice cream sandwich. My GOD it was delicious, and I wasn't even in the mood for dessert... the "cookie" part was chocolate with just the right amount of salt... I'd head back just for this dessert.	 0
Ok Model Milk, where have you been all of Calgary's life? Don't you know we need you?  We got to sit at the kitchen pass. So we got an up front view of what was going on in the kitchen. I had dinner with a food photographer from New York City and we got to meet the chef from Model Milk.  It was a great experience. The food was fresh, on the cutting edge of an international culinary experience. And in Calgary! And what's the cost skyhigh? No. It was totally reasonable. Especially considering the care the kitchen staff takes in preparing your food.  Everything we ordered was exquisite. We tried a cocktail, Eye to Eye. It had ginger and lemon in it, tasted great. It was served in a traditional "love boat" champagne glass.  The calamari we ordered melted in our mouths and the flavors were bold. Sourdough bread with cultured butter was to die for. We had shaved broccoli and seaweed with the tofu dressing. So awesomely perfect for vegans. We tried the Gouda cheese puffs. Decadent. Melted in my mouth. Great cheese flavor. Great texture.   The chef travels all over and has worked in kitchens from Hong Kong to New York City. There was never a moment when the kitchen staff wasn't anything but hard-working and attentive.  Highly recommend for a great dinner in Calgary.	 0
Another gem on 17th avenue in Calgary!  All the little things, as usual for Calgary, are done perfectly - decor, music, menu presentation and organization, drink menu/options, staff, and price was reasonable for what you get.  Got here a half hour early on a Friday night but was able to be seated immediately in the main room, enjoyed the mix of music while we had cocktails.  Food wise got the ox and quail to start which was delicious and a perfect portion for two.  Entrees were the burger and pork with mole sauce, grits, and acorn squash.  Both were awesome, burger was one I will not forget for a long time, up there in best burgers I have had.  The pork portion was big, and cooked so it was nice and tender but with a hard crispy burn on the top layer of fat.  The grits were an interesting and welcome addition to the pork.  Peanut butter cookie ice cream sandwich served as the grand finale and it did not disappoint, this too was a good size for sharing.  For $80 CAD for appetizer, bottle of wine, two entrees and desert you cannot complain for this level of quality and attention to detail - look forward to going back and also trying them out for brunch.	 0
You need to partake of this establishment's culinary delights.  Our night here reassured me it is not hype.  We started out at the bar, whereupon a dapper fellow with a moustache asked what we would like to drink whilst we waited.  Some might call the facial hair "hipster", I think it speaks to an adventurous spirit and dedication to craft.  This was borne out when I asked him if he could create a custom concoction.  Bourbon, egg whites...to die for.  The house-made infused gin also blew our skirts up!  The bagna caudal looked like art and rivalled my friend's Italian Nonna's.  The tater tots were pleasantly high-brow tasting.  After stuffing ourselves with starters we ordered the fried chicken & beignets and a salad.  The salad was quite good.  The chicken and beignets were on another level.  Our table became oddly quiet once that dish arrived, except for some meows and snarfing noises.  I'll be back.	 0
Food is unique, delicious, and not incredibly expensive. Went as a group and paid about $45 per person, drinks included. Also one of the best whiskey sours in the city.   One of my favourite places in the city when I'm feeling something a bit fancier than usual. People complain about the small portions, but I think that's because our sense of what an actual portion is supposed to be has been warped. Having said that, I'm not the biggest guy around, either.	 0
This location used to be an Arby's which was old and in need of a reno.  Carl's Jr. has revitalized this spot.  When we arrived for lunch there was quite the lineup.  The line moved fairly quickly and the person at the counter was very friendly.  She seemed to be in training but still handled the crowd well.  I tried the California Classic combo which was their special.  For $6 you get a burger (that was like a smaller Big Carl's), fries and a drink.  Not bad.	 0
In a city that thrives on creation and tasty hamburgers this place is subpar.  The burger was left to be desired, fries were not bad, milkshake was ok.   Was curious by the brand, left somewhat disappointed would I go back... sadly no.	 1
We ordered a French onion soup each, shared a steak and frite with butter, and a bottle of Merlot.  So happy with the flavors, the service, we invited friends to join us for drinks after and they were accommodating for that as well.  The butter on top of the tender steak was heavenly & came with crispy seasoned fries and delicious green beans.  The French onion soup was good; cooked authentically with crisp baguette topped with melted cheese. A French person would approve.   Beautiful French food with French Canadian accents. It's a lovely spot for great conversation and the Kensington vibe is comfortable, relaxed and unique.  Good spot, good food, great service.	 0
Oh hello, mes amis! Now this is what I'm talking about...French comfort food with a little something extra.   It was my "Happy Birthday to me" celebration with family and a few friends and we had just come upstairs from happy hour at Winebar Kensington. I'm writing this review a little backwards, so let's start with the service...  Our server, Monroe, was amazing. So attentive to our little group all evening. He had excellent suggestions and made sure we were well cared for. When my dessert came out, there was even a little birthday candle on the board holding my Earl Grey crème brûlée.  Yes, you heard me right. I said Earl Grey crème brûlée. This is the very item that tipped the scales during my research for our little soirée. It was exactly as I had imagined. Not ice cold (thank goodness) with a firm crackle of sugar on top. The crème itself was already so lovely, and then the shortbread on the side... All I could say that night about the shortbread was "it tastes like Christmas!"  From the steak, to the ravioli, everyone seemed to get healthy portions and great flavour. I ordered the cassoulet with duck and pork. Personally, had there been a magically self-refilling dish I never would have gotten to dessert! The pork and duck meat added great texture to the dish, which is primarily white beans. Seriously, this was the perfect meal on a day of crazy thunderstorms.   The appetizers were also really lovely. Steak tartare, poutine with foie gras, more foie gras...did I mention the foie gras? The poutine showcased it perfectly as the warmth from the fries and duck gravy had the foie gras melting in your mouth. How can you go wrong here??!!  I was so incredibly happy with the evening that I will definitely be back again.	 0
Oh my holy steak! Alberta beef with foie gras compote butter on top is a way to this girl's heart (literally and figuratively). Brasserie, you really won me over.   Though the weather was quite nice, my friend and I dined inside at a comfy booth. Booths are always awesome, but when there's wine and rich food involved, they're even better. Sink right into your seat as you enjoy the delectable dishes.  Beyond steak, we tried an appetizer of eggplant and speck. Unique and tasty! Also, I had a cauliflower gratin with the meal. My attempt of getting some sort of veg + meat combo in the belly.  Can I say that butter makes everything better? Foie gras butter melts in your mouth and makes a really good cut of beef that much better. Frites to dip said butter/meat juice in after is just plain gluttonous, in all the best ways possible.  Would I go back? You bet your sweet bippy. Would I share my meal with anyone else? Maybe not :)	 0
I can't say enough about this place. The food, service, ambiance and fellowship provided was nothing short of outstanding. As a frequent business traveler, I get to eat out a ton. Like way too often and this place aced any and all expectation. The cassoulet was quite possibly the best I've ever had and fried chicken skin? What? Thanks to the crew for everything! Will be back and will say not going, is a foul!	 0
This place is awesome and even better, it's just a short stroll from my house! We've been to the Brasserie's Container Bar, which itself is awesome, and tried their poutine fries bathed in duck gravy. We loved their poutine so much we've been here several times just for beer and poutine. Well we finally made it out here for a proper meal and it was Sunday Brunch. Best brunch in Calgary to date. Wife and I shared the eggs benedict, some of the best we've ever tasted. Our friends had the poutine breakfast (which is basically just poutine with a fried egg) and the crepes, all delicious. And best of all, the serve some strong morning drinks including your traditionals like mimosas and more. Going back here soon!	 0
Girls night out for 4. Started with the pig ears which were delightfully crunchy and porky flavoured...horrible adjective but it fits! Duck fat potato chips were good too.  I had the braised lamb and my friends had the cassoulet, mussels and veggie burger. We were all pleased with our choices. My lamb was a large portion, meltingly tender and the mash was to die for!!! I think I drooled a bit while writing this review ambience was good, not too loud although the music was quite varied which threw off one of my girls... From Hip hop to rock to metal to pop, I wasn't bothered.  Food and service were excellent so be sure to try this place!	 0
My husband and I went here on our first date night in months, and we are so glad we picked Brasserie. The food is AMAZING we both could not get enough, and that Earl Grey Creme Brulee is insane it so good! The servers we had were awesome, super friendly, gave great recommendations on food and what to have to drink with it. We cannot stop raving about this place, it is actually the reason I signed up for Yelp was to give them a great review. Haha! We cannot wait to go back!	 0
After seeing my friend's food photos on Facebook, I was delighted to find out she was bringing me here for breakfast. Huge disappointment., and I wanted so much to like them.  They have an incredibly diverse menu using fresh local and organic ingredients, including $4.00 organic coffee. The blackboard specials looked interesting and were priced low., interesting stuff too. Eggs Bennie with smoked salmon and guyere, braised pork ribs with potatos fried in duck fat, Lobster something-couldn't read it, and bacon cinnamon buns.  At first our group had to sit at two separate tables, because the only available tables pushed together would cause a traffic flow issue. No problem. Birthday girl ordered a biscuit straight away, knowing it might take awhile to figure out what to order, and to wait for one other person. She spent the waiting time ranting about how awesome the biscuits were and how hungry she was.  As we imagined, ordering DID take awhile. So did finding another table to push together so we could all sit together. My friend and I ordered caesers, which took over 15 minutes to arrive, and still her biscuit had not shown up. And the caesers? Pure Tabasco sauce. I couldn't taste anything else. The waitress promised to look into it, apologizing because they were slammed. That may be true but...  AHEM. At the risk of sounding old and curmudgeonly, that's a crock. When I was YOUR age, your entire restaurant was the same size as my usual section. I did NOT have a bartender or a busperson. I did it by myself, and you and three other girls can't handle your little restaurant?! Really? Sorry...Hell hath no fury like a former waitress receiving bad service.  Birthday girl asked twice about her biscuit, but when our food began to arrive, she angrily told the server she didn't want it anymore. She wanted it 30 minutes ago to stave off her hunger.  I ordered the guyere and egg crepe with horseradish aioli. It was good. It would have been better had it not been cold, and if the potatos were fulled cooked. The horseradish aioli was gone in two bites. Could they spare it? vAnd the salmon wasn't fresh.  When the bill arrived, we requested separate bills. In retrospect, we probably should have made that clear at the beginning. She didn't separate the bills. She DID itemized it for us, you know, to make it easier for us to divvy up, and she remembered to add the 20% gratuity for a table of seven, lucky us. I was so mad, I probably tipped her more than necessary, just so I didn't have to do the math.  Not impressed. I don't mind added gratuities for big tables. I've had monster tables that run a person ragged and leave crappy tips, so I know why it's done. But if I have to pay it, it had better be good service. The wait time wasn't worth it for me. I don't think I'll come back.	 1
Brasserie strikes a fine balance between minimalist hipster decor (dark walls, plain tables, and discretely mounted antlers), delicious interpretations of brasserie classics (heavy in the meat and duck fat end of things), and out there dishes that surprisingly hit the mark (foie gras ice cream sundae anyone?).  Everything I've had here has been delicious, and worth the somewhat hefty price. Fun options include a weekly "build your own poutine", with options like fried eggs and foie gras. Their $20 YYC burger week offering was one of the best I had, with a great blend of Beef, pork, duck confit, melted brie, arugula aioli, house grainy mustard, crispy onions fried in duck fat. There is no shortage of manly meat offerings, but the place doesn't come off as trying too hard. In addition to wines, they have a varied selection of drinks including fortified liqueurs, scotches, and unusual cocktails that follow the food ethos: French brasserie inspired, but serving up whatever variation on the theme would be the tastiest.	 0
Brasserie keeps knocking out of the park for me! Time and time again, I've been so into my experiences here I'm ashamed I started this review with a bad baseball cliche to explain the awesomeness this room has to offer.  No nonsense. The Brasserie knows what they do and they do it very well. On paper, Brasserie is French cuisine meets Canadian meets a hearty chunk of hipster, but here's what it really is:   First, they take something freaking epic, and then they do something freaking epic to it. Every time they do this, the result is exponential, not additive. I know I'm nerding, but here me out.  Poutine = Epic Duck fat cooked + poutine = Epic² Fois Gras + Duck fat cooked + Poutine = Epic³  This means, if you gave "poutine" a personal epic level of 3, then Brasserie's Fois Gras Poutine is going to be 27 times as fantastic. Science.  This math isn't just for the Fois Gras Poutine - this ratio also works for their maple bacon donuts (Epic³), house cured back bacon grilled smoked cheddar sandwich with tomato soup (Epic³ + 2xEpic) and countless others.  What really makes this place stand out for me is ever single time I go there, I learn about something that makes me want to go back immediately, like:  Fois Gras Mondays - I can't remember the specifics (because beer) but I remember you could add a crazy amount of Fois Gras to anything for $5. Totally nuts.  Poutine Tuesdays - They give you a checklist card and you build your own poutine from all the epic junk this kitchen has. You could go absolutely insane with this. Totally nuts.  Cask Saturdays - They work with local breweries to give you a special one off cask of beer that the world has never seen, every single weekend.  Hats off to Chef Cam and team. Between Brasserie, Winebar and Container Bar, this is one heavy hitting (baseball cliche call-back) block in Kensington.	 0
Read about this little place in John Gilcrist's book and knew I had to try it out!!  100% duck fat in their fryers?  So I decided to go for my birthday and I made reservations for a Thursday night for four. Let me just say from the moment we walked in till we left the entire experience was phenomenal.  The wait staff seated us right away in front of the fireplace, nice and cozy. She brought us waters right away and the wine menu.  We had our drinks picked out and wine ordered within 10mins and the wine was at the table right away and opened and presented professionally. We were told the nights specials and given some recommendations and our order was taken and we were not rushed.  We had the crispy chicken skin and then decided to also try the crispy pigs ears...all to die for!!  Our mains all came out well timed and together nice a fresh and hot.  Our server even suggested adding some pigs ears to our poutine and she was right it added the right amount of crunch.  The house made burger was absolutely outstanding!!  It had a very nice smokey flavor and was a very nice pink med rare!!  Our server even informed us of the fact that it would be med rare when we ordered to ensure we where ok with it.  The best burger I've had to date!  The duck rillettes was fantastic and covered in crispy fried onions and matched perfectly with the foie poutine, the pan seared trout was perfectly cooked and de-bonned, topped with almonds and beautiful green beans.   If you have their fries you have to try their house made ketchup...Heinz there is another keinz...it's fresh tasting and not sweet like traditional ketchup.   We each had a dessert and each tried a different one which was great as we all got to sample them.  All I can say is wow..blown away at the flavors!!  I think my favorite was the vanilla semifredo ice cream sandwiches.  We ordered coffee and I had port, unfortunately our coffees got forgotten but they were great at customer service as they apologized and didn't charge us for the port.   All around this was a fantastic dining experience and I highly recommend it.  Keep in mind I made reservations and it was mid week so the place was not overly busy.	 0
I literally have dreams about the duck and quinoa waffles from here. The happiest of dreams. I wish it was available all day, every day.	 0
Brasserie has got - hands down - the best burger in town. It checks off so many burger boxes! Juicy, delicious, meaty... The burger isn't even that complicated and it's not compensating with any crazy sauces or toppings. It's just a perfect straight up burger. The poutines are also really good and these guys know a thing or two about beer and brown liquor.  I'm going to include Container Bar (their patio) and say that it is such a cool patio and a totally fun experience to eat and drink when it's sunny or even with a little chill in the air.	 0
Very tasty but..... Went for a birthday party. Specials were plentiful (6-8 of them written on a board by the door) but waiter never mentioned them. One of our group took a photo of the board and read them out. Drink orders were taken slowly and delivered even slower. Entrée orders taken about twenty minutes after drinks arrived. My saffron cream mussels were very tasty but thankfully we live close by or I would have been escorting them out on the side of the road. I have never had the pleasure of such immediate food poisoning. My companions had sandwiches, duck, bouillabaisse, poutine, and my date and I had lovely salads to start. Though the birthday boy wanted to order dessert we were rushed out (somehow the server found his speed when he was ready to go home and the kitchen staff had wiped down).  So, food tasty but there is a quality issue, and service was friendly but distracted/slow/disinterested.  Probably won't return.	 1
We love this place.  After frequenting many bbq spots in the Southern USA, we may be connoisseurs of fine bbq.     We have been here 4x since it opened and will continue to go back.    Why it's great?  1. made from scratch meats 2. great (southern sides) ie. mac and cheese, corn bread 3. half price meats after 10pm 4. solid cocktail selection 5. TV's everywhere to keep on top of your sports 6. communal seating, so be friendly!	 0
Was invited to try some of their menu items recently with a friend and immediately felt comfortable the moment I walked in. Several long tables are in the main dining area giving this restaurant a homey, good eats type feel. Their menu consists of good old southern style barbecue and smoked meat including sides and small bites.  You can order dishes individually to share or find something on the menu that suits just you. The whiskey menu is extensive and impressive. Beer, wine and cocktails are also available for those who do not like to partake in whiskey.  The servers were friendly and we really enjoyed our time here. Totally left with the #meatsweats (that's a good thing) and planning our return trip soon.  They do not take reservations and allow kids until 8pm.	 0
Tried a sampling of the meats and sides. The brisket is out of this world delicious. I could eat my weight in burnt ends. The Mac & Cheese and Jalapeño Cornbread were great!  The Old-Fashioned was the best I've ever had.   Camped the Peach Cobbler and Pecan Pie for dessert - both tasted exactly like they do down south in the USA.	 0
This was an amazing experience. It all started with the manager going out of his way to find out party of six a spot to sit. Service was very attentive and knowledgable. We order some meats, sides and trays to share. It's unfortunate they were out of brisket because based on the other meats I am sure the brisket is also phenomenal. Only thought was the casing on the hot links was pretty tough.   Turkey Breast- great seasoning and not dried out Pulled pork - good chew and flavour Pork ribs - not too tender and great rub Smoked wings - great Bacon wrapped corn - awesome Beet salad - great fresh flavour  Corn bread - really good (may have been better hot) Mac and cheese - best any of us have ever had Deep fried pickles - another hit at the table.   Do yourself a favour and check this place out great food, great atmosphere and great service.	 0
The best bourbon selection I've seen. Great menu. Fantastic food. As an ex-chef, was impressed with what they're putting out food-wise. Very tasty!	 0
Two patios! One in the front and one "Whiskey Garden" in the backyard. That alone deserves five stars, with the summer just starting.   But other than that, what makes them stand out from all the other pubs? Whiskey and meat. That's their schtick. To be precise: They offer a long list of different Whiskeys from all over the world, that they happily transfer into a hand-crafted cocktail, if you are not keen on the taste of Whiskey or just really into cocktails. The meat is a Texas-style barbecue, I heard something about "gets smoked for 16 hours". Of course, they also have cold beer on draught and a carefully selected wine list on tap (the Pinot Noir is pretty good).  The interior is nicely done; rustic look, warm lights, very inviting. Lots of wooden, long tables and benches, almost like picnic tables. Good for groups. Service is very friendly and attentive   Happy hour is Monday to Thursday from 3-6pm; all Whiskey is half price and Whiskey cocktails are $4 off. They do lunch as well.	 0
This Austin-style BBQ joint is a welcome addition to the Calgary scene. No reservations, communal tables, and a menu consisting of just meat, whisk(e)ys of the world, and few sides. The meat is dry rubbed and slow smoked for 16 hours for a great texture and flavour across the board (might skip the turkey breast next time though unless with someone on a diet), and best of all you can order in 1/4 pound increments to make your own sampling platter. The meat is quite affordable, and after 10pm is half price! There are three house made sauces in big bottles on the tables, for dipping: a vinegary spiced one, a less sour cumin heavy one, and a deep flavored espresso one. I particularly liked the last two.  The whiskeys range from basic to very rare, with commensurate pricing. Great old fashioned too, I'm guessing the rest of the cocktails are of similar caliber. To put it over the top you can buy an ice sphere for your drink. Super clear and cut on the spot from a block. It'll keep your drink cold with minimal dilution.  All the staff were very friendly and the service was prompt. There are two patios, so definitely coming back some warm evening for well priced, tasty BBQ and some fine brown liquor...	 0
Well what can I say.  Great place for anything meat or whisky.  Great friendly and attentive staff.  If you're a vegetarian and looking to convert to meat eating, one bite of the brisket should do the trick.  Just out of this world.  They also offer great deals on certain days like Wednesday when their smoked chicken wings are 1/2 off.  Pretty much moved into the neighbourhood just to be close to this great place!	 0
This is like the best smoked/BBQ meat I've had in this city.    Went with a few friends on a Friday night.  Service was great, all of the meat choices were succulent and flavorful.  The mac n' cheese is a bit on the cheesy side, but I also liked how it was done.  I'm not a whiskey drinker so I cannot comment on that department, but their beer choice is plentiful.   Definitely will be going back.	 0
I'm not a huge fan of brisket, but this will knock your socks off! Smoked for 16 hours, and extremely tender, and flavourful!Cocktails are not of the sweetest kind but still great! Great selection of whiskey and Ben who I think is the owner was friendly and interactive!! Service was great, I'm sorry forgot the name of the server!!Only thing I didn't like was noise level! But all was great!! Thanks Dale for the invite! Love exploring new places!	 0
Great BBQ spot.  After 10pm all meats are half off but just as delicious.  Had the brisket, chicken, sausage it's all deadly really.  Amazing selection of whiskey/bourbons and I really enjoy the community style seating.  Great service and friendly staff.  Highly recommended.	 0
Cold ass beer and brisket that'll make you wanna slap yo mama. That is all. What else can I say? Oh yeah, the whiskey selection is choice and the meats are half price after 10pm.	 0
Came here for an informal little yelper meet up and met some very cool people and had some very cool whiskey cocktails. Amanda v. Ordered the vodka sweet tea, as she was stirring her drink a fine gentleman Ian (might possibly be know as Ron Swanson) came over and asked if she liked it. Amanda felt the bitters were to strong for her, he promptly went over and made her a drink without the bitters and she loved it. Thanks again Ian for making sure the picky love of my life enjoyed her drink. Now the food...WOW we had some spare ribs and they were amazing, very juicy super tender and fall off the bone. Because this was a small yelp meet we got a tour to see the smoker and all the hard working kitchen staff putting the great food out. I will return! I must try some MOAR!!! Thanks to our waitress also, I didn't get her name but she kept track of way to much for a mortal! Great job all around! Thanks Dale for the invite.	 0
there's nothing bad to say here. I can't even pretend to be nit picky and say something not nice about this amazing spot. Very reasonably priced, humongous portions, delicious and very authentic American barbecue, and the in-house sauces are totally divine. the staff is knowledgeable and passionate without being that irritating in your face hipster staff where they're overselling and overchatting, but they answered our questions and checked in often.   We tried some cocktails too - damn good. any place that is going to use Tito's in their sweet tea is very okay in my books. Will definitely be back. hopefully soon, too.	 0
Wow.  Fantastic food.  Exceptional service.   First visit and restaurant has exceeded in all departments.   Ordered for appetizers the potato spring rolls and sweet soy chicken wings. Both unreal and delicious.   Wife's entree was strip loin with vegetables and fries.   My entree was pork tenderloin with risotto.   Both were large portions and top notch.   Finally ended dinner with creme brûlée with two mini donuts.   Again fantastic restaurants with one of my best service experiences in Calgary. Highly recommend for family and friends for any occasion.	 0
October 22nd:   I returned back to Notable with a group of ladies for a "Yummy Mummy's Dinner" and had a blast.  I had reserved a table for 8 guests and were given a beautiful harvest table which allowed seating up to 12 guests.  (Note: If you reserve this table, they take a $100 deposit and place on a gift card which can be used for your upcoming meal.)  I recommended Notable as I love their seasonal menu and we had guests who had gluten allergies and were vegetarian.  I'm happy that there was enough variety and selection for everyone!    We were surprised with complimentary sparkling wine which we enjoyed.  Unfortunately the coconut syrup was not available for the Strawberry O cocktails but the server recommended the Lavender Lemonade which was delightful.  Other ladies had glasses of wine which were thoroughly enjoyed.  A few of us started with appetizers: crispy potato rolls (my ultimate fav!), chopped salad and the crab and shrimp bake.  A salmon tartar accidentally came to our table as well and we were graciously surprised when the server returned and gave it to us as a complimentary appetizer!  All of the appetizers were TASTY!!  A variety of main entrees were ordered which everyone LOVED. I love the portion sizes here as I always leave feeling full and enough for tomorrow's lunch thanks to the leftovers. Main entrees included:  the seasonal burger, salmon, cod, ravioli and rice bowl.  All of us loved the flavours of our meals and were satisfied with the large portions.  Despite being stuffed from our appetizers and main meals, we had to indulge in their delightful dessert menu.  My ultimate favourite will always be the chocolate pudding.  (Note: Please don't ever change or remove this item or I will be very sad!)  We also enjoyed the creme brulee which was a maple syrup flavour.  I love that they change this up as last time I believe it was a coffee flavour.  I recommend this restaurant for groups as well as for families.  They don't have a kids menu per se but have options for the little ones to enjoy as their menu is quite flexible.  I also do enjoy that they have a change table in their bathroom (For both Mom and Dad!) and that they have high chairs for little ones to use.    All in all, Notable did not disappoint.  I can always count on bringing guests here and all of us leaving with smiles and full stomachs.  I will be back ... soon!  Very soon!	 0
Notables was my choice for a special occasion and I was not disappointed. I ended up ordering the lamb and my husband got the flatiron steak. We got the potato rolls to start and they were totally rocking. Glad I asked for the waitress's recommendation because I would never have picked potato appetizers had I not. Service was impeccable. Carolyn was very friendly and made us feel that much more at home.	 0
5 star drinks 5 star food  Waiter was awesome spot on and attentive without being annoying until it was time to go and it took us 20 minutes to get a check.  Unreal scotch and steak was enjoyed. What a great find in this area!	 0
As always delicious, duck apply is unbelievable, and probably should have stopped there, but you, or at least i can't, needed to go for the rotisserie chicken and mashed potatoes and carrots and broccoli(ne)  And two glasses of rickshaw.  How do you say, way too much!!  Server was fantastic, left me to myself, when she recognized i was working. Not pushy, but always available.  Love this place.	 0
Amazing!   The girls in the front are always,  so so nice. Food was, (last week) as always,  so delicious.  What I love about Notable is consistency, some restaurants you can get great food  one week and the next day or week  not so much. I've been to Notable over 30 (min)  times and I almost always order the chicken, everyone else experiments.  Amazing!!!!   Not one of our friends or our group leaves with with (was an off night).   I have never found a great place for chicken in Calgary, until I ordered it by mistake at Notable.  Best mistake ever!   :-)     You'll always leave happy that you got a great meal.  The waitresses are also wonderful- and no I'm not related to the owner :-) promise.   Kudos to him and the chef!!  Please excuse this less than perfect review though you get the basic ( it's great) as  its about 3am.	 0
Just amazing!! We fell in love with this little gem	 0
I've been to NOtaBLE a handful of times, most recently tonight for New Years Eve, and it has always been amazing. NOtaBLE has consistently had good service, amazing food and a clean and comfortable atmosphere.   We brought my parents there tonight for dinner and I was initially a little apprehensive because they are pretty picky and don't always share the same taste in restaurants as my sister and I but my apprehension was all for nothing. We had the mussels and scallops as an appetizer and the prime rib, lamb, chicken and lobster specials as our entrees. Everything was delicious and our server was friendly and attentive. I haven't seen my parents enjoy a meal like that in a while. I'll definitely bring them back there for sure. It was a great choice for our New Year's Eve dinner!	 0
Second time there with friends treating my husband and I to our birthday dinners.  Amazing delicious innovative flavors again! Pleasant server.  The salmon was moist cooked to perfection.  My husband loved the bison.  Our friends loved the cod also cooked perfectly and her husband had the Sunday special pork and crackling.    Two desserts were ordered and I tried the Stilton cheesecake with rhubarb compote delicious and our friends shared and devoured lol the chocolate creme Brule.  They really enjoyed it.  Delicious delicious delicious! Entrees were 28 up to 40s and the meal is certainly worth the price five stars plus!	 0
I had high hopes for this place based on the reviews on yelp. Unfortunately it fell way short. Looks, price and presentation mean nothing if the there is no flavour. Very tough prime rib and rubbery chicken. The veggies were good but $100+ meal (for 2) I expected much more. Oh well I guess I can check this one off my list for Calgary.	 1
I had never heard of the place and I wish I had a long time ago.  Great atmosphere, delicious fine food but in generous portions, and, great service. The perfect place for both a date or dinner as a group: you will not leave hungry, and, you will have had a classy dinner. What else do you want from a great night out!	 0
Traveling solo so I was seated at the bar.  Two bartenders on shift, was at least 10 minutes before they acknowledged my presence.  Beer taps not working, so I ordered a Coors Banquet which came in a stubby bottle.   Ordered the WP burger with the standard chips, fries were an upgrade.   Burger tasted good, patty was a little on the small side.  Certainly nothing special for $18 CDN.   Will likely just grab something from Spolumbos or BK next time.	 1
I stop by often for their take out burritos! Super yummy, fresh and quick. Just like the rest of their menu the burritos are flavourful. You can choose from a couple of meat options depending on what they have for the day. Size is good!   Their brunch menu is also amazing and luckily for us it is not very busy! Love the pezole soup.	 0
Native Tongues is a great addition to the Calgary Mexican scene, I tried several different dishes during my visit there including three different kinds of tacos, the guacamole and the mexican corn. I wrapped up the dinner by sharing the donut of the day which was fresh and tasty and not to sweet.   This is a great place to share different dishes with your dining companions and the decor and atmosphere is really funky with lots of different details that align with the Mexican theme.	 0
Mexican food has been my nemesis since moving to Calgary. I find most of it over priced and just meh.   Well, Native Tongues is definitely not meh tho some of its menu items are a tad over priced. Given the lack of great alternatives, I'll pay.   My faves include the Chilaquiles, Gambas Carbon (tho they are a pain to eat) and the Hongos taco. I did try the much acclaimed donut. It was good but not worthy of the accolades in my opinion.   All in all, GO. EAT ALL THE TACOS.	 0
I was in the city today running errands and my stomach finally started complaining, so I needed to find food fast! (Hangry anyone?) I remembered Native Tongues on my bookmarks and was in the area, so with a hop, skip and a jump I made my way to Native Tongues Taqueria.   I was greeted by a hostess who let me choose my seating (I was 1 person, so bonus!). I sat down at the bar and was greeted by the bartender/server. He was very friendly and gave me the food and drink menu to peruse as I drank some water. I decided to go for Hongos Tacos de Guisado (vegetarian for non native speakers, like me...) and the Esquites (a corn mix with feta, onion, mayo, cilntro, and lime). There are 6 different types of taco fillings that you can get, all for the same price ($3.95), most are meat based except for the Hongos (veggie) and Frijoles (refried beans). I would suggest trying a few different taco fillings for your first order, then if you feel the need, get some more if you are still hungry so you can at least explore some of the other flavours.   The tacos and esquites arrived a short 10 minutes later, and I did not waste any time either eating them! The tacos are only a few bites, I bought 3, and were in a warm corn tortilla, along with a side of green and red salsa. The corn came de cobbed in a little metal ramekin. The tacos primarily were mushroom based, the menu said kale was in them, but I didn't notice a lot, and a drizzle of cream on each one. They were really delicious! The corn tortilla really added to the flavour, and the mushrooms were nice and hardy. I put plenty of the red and green salsa on each one to add some 'oomph' to them. The corn was also tasty, although I would have liked a bigger flavour punch. The corn sweat that accumulated at the bottom (I swear it is tastier than I make it sound) was great as all the seasonings and flavour collected and you could mix it nicely with the remaining corn kernels.   After finishing my first course I decided that I was still a little empty and ordered Molletes (This is only available on the Brunch menu twice a week according to the server/bartender). Two pieces of grilled sour dough with refried beans, melted gouda cheese, seasoned diced tomatoes, cilantro and feta. Holy cow, what a delicious plate! I managed to eat both slices and totally revelled in the flavours! Highly recommend if you get a chance to go in on a weekend for brunch (11:30-3PM Sat/Sun). It is quite filling, so either use it as a starter for two people, or your meal with something smaller. I have to say the Molletes was my second favourite of the entire meal! My first...well I took home a freshly baked and glazed Dona (Translation: glazed donut). I ate this delicious guy on the way home in the car (totally was not driving and eating at all....okay I was). For those lucky Canadians who got their hands on a freshly made Krispi Kream donut way back before they got closed down cause they were so darn good (another lie, people realized they were really fatty and bad so stopped going to the stores, but aren't all good things?!). This donut is basically the equivalent, now there is a different taste to it, the best way I can describe it is that it has a Mexican twist, almost a slight corn taste, but sweet and heavenly. HIGHLY recommend getting one for dessert or to go for a nice evening treat after you have burned off your meal.   Overall a very tasty experience at Native Tongues! I would love to come back with some buddies to try more food and maybe some cocktails.	 0
I've tried all of the tacos and they are all very tasty. I always get the corn - ESQUITES.  The tacos are cheaper on Tuesday. This place is always packed. It's easier to get a table if you go here for lunch.	 0
The best tacos hands down in the city. Especially the lengua when it's on special. Save room for the donas!!! That donut is to die for.	 0
Stopped here for lunch with my hubby and 9 year old son who hates Guac. As always, made him try it and he loved it, score!!! Seriously, best guac in the city. Even better than Anejo. Sorry, had to say it.  We also had the corn with cheese, mayo and onion which tasted great on our nachos. Hubby had the burger and could not stop raving about the sauce and the flavour. I had a tiny bite of the meat which was yummy.   Next up,the tacos. I had the chicken, pork, beef tongue and mushrooms and also tried a bite of my son's chorizo. That's the entire taco selection  minus the taco with just beans, LOL!!!  Boys enjoyed their chorizo but my faves were tongue and mushrooms . And yes,I just put a love emoticon for emphasis on yummmmm!!! The tacos come with two types of salsa and plenty of lime wedges.  Some tacos have cheese and some don't. They all have onions and cilantro as toppings.   We were pretty full but saved room to share a donut. It was a bit greasy but had a traditional fluffiness that was less dense than a Tim Horton's old fashion plain donut but not as fluffy as a honey dip.  It's a bad comparison but get the donut for $5. Great way to end a meal... Overall ambience was upbeat and fun with an open kitchen. Our waitress was attentive a friendly. The seats aren't comfy but didn't detract from our enjoyment. We will be back to try the large sharing plates!!!	 0
Stopped in a quick bite - got the chicken and waffles and a Ramen Burger. Got the Tots to go with the burger - THE BEST! I could just get an order of tots and the sauce they come with. YUM!  Very friendly and fun place.	 0
We came in early when is was empty and the staff was great and took some extra time to chat and suggest couple items.  Drinks where delicious and beer selection very impressive. The food was awesome with some unique items that impressed us.  Try the poke, huge fish tacos or fried chicken waffle and you will come back for more.  I would say this is a must stop for the foodie person.	 0
Never underestimate the power of social media because that's exactly what lured me here. And it's the amazing food that's going to keep me coming back!  I love love love fried chicken. Seeing their take on chicken & waffles - buttermilk chicken strips and mashed potatoes stuffed in a waffle cone, I knew it was a must have!  Their na-cho-tots? Tater tots smothered in creamy queso, spicy sour cream, guac and jalapeños? Sooooooo good!  And you cannot go wrong with their mac & cheese. Bacon? Yes. Dorito crust? Did they make mac & cheese even BETTER by crumbling cheesy nacho chips on top? YOU KNOW IT!  I seriously want to continue coming back till I've tried everything on their menu - it's that good!	 0
I liked my first experience here. It was important for me to sample the food so I know what I like! To be honest looking at the menu before I came, I would never have given this spot a second thought. Thank you Dale and Yelp putting this together because now I know I like food and drink outside my comfort zone!!  Again I will reiterate I hate gin, but the suggestion Shyanna made of the Bramble cocktail, because I like a sweeter cocktail was great! Loved the drink!! Sampled some beer too!  My favourite food sample was the pork carnitas taco loved it!! Also loved the house cooked chips and dip, and the elotes the ramen burger was good too! Drinks are pricey but I will be back! Enjoyed it very much!! I suggest go outside your box, you never know until you try it!!	 0
What a refreshing addition to the Calgary culinary scene. Five big fat stars for the following: atmosphere , service , drink specials , and of course food. While everyone at our table rave about their dishes I'm going to take this opportunity to suggest two - you absolutely have to order the KFC ( don't even ask just trust me) and the mac and cheese - it's topped with crumbled Doritos. Mmmhmmm !	 0
Came here Wednesday evening with a few friends for a last minute dinner before I head out back to Chicago. I heard such great things from other friends and yelp that we had to try this place out. Paper St offers street food from all over the world but the one thing I wanted to try from their menu was the ramen burger... unfortunately they were sold out AT 630pm??!!? I am guessing it was an extremely popular item or they just didn't make enough for the day. Instead I ordered the Nashville Spicy Burger along with a few other of my friends. We also ordered the Bacon Mac & Cheese and the Bahn Mi Sandwich.  Overall the food was mediocre and nothing special, but one common factor was that all of our fries had a mix of fresh out of the frier and some that have been sitting there getting soggy and unappetizing.   The ambiance was great and allowed the outdoor feeling without being outside especially during this "rainy" season and it allowed for great people watching. There was a good mix of table top and traditional seating.   Several different factor went into my review - mediocre food, great ambiance and great fusion/take on comfort foods from around the world. However, the biggest factor for my visit at Paper St was the service, it was extremely slow and the waitress was no where to be seen for most of the night. At one point in the night there was not a single employee to be seen, no bartender, no waitress, no hostess, nadaa! When we were trying to pay for the bill our waitress disappeared for 10 mins so we had to flag down the bartender to take our money... Maybe they were understaffed that night or had a off day but overall Paper St was a bust for me. I would be open to trying it out again in the future once they iron out the kinks. Happy Munching!	 1
A menu inspired by street food from around the world? Um yes please! I remember seeing a photo of the chicken & waffle cone and I immediately was on the hunt for the place where this is a reality. It's not often when I scan over a menu and I am SO conflicted on what to get because everything just sounds so amazing and I get sad I don't have multiple stomachs.   First of all, I am enamoured by the awesome wall art of the Rat Pack on the left when you first enter, which was done by a local artist. It adds a bit of a classic flare to a hip place which I love. The place itself it pretty big with plenty of seating and a wide open window that makes it look even bigger and allows a lot of fresh air into the place, which is especially awesome on a nice day. The server we had was very friendly and down to earth. It happened to be half price wine that day, so of course we got a bottle. We had SUCH a hard time with the menu because there were so many creative and unique options (ramen burger!) that we eventually decided on getting a bunch of appies. I LOVED the chicken and waffle cone, and this is coming from someone who has yet to come across a good chicken and waffle combo. The buttermilk chicken was crisp and moist and just had the perfect amount of sweetness to it that it wasn't overpowering. The waffle cone itself was soft and not your standard crunchy, ice cream cone.   The salt and pepper turkey wings are gigantic, but super flavourful. The chipotle ranch is also equally amazing and I would drown all my food in it. My girlfriend is a huge taco fan and said that both the pork and fish tacos were delicious. The na-cho-tots were also great! With all the fixings on top, I found that you had to eat it fairly quickly as the tots can get soggy.   Overall, loved the place and it's atmosphere, will definitely return!	 0
The intersection for a world of street food. Paper St. (It's yours. Take it. You're welcome.)  Don Draper and Mel Gibson in "What Women Want" would have lost their minds over that gold I just dropped. Paper St. is a collection of street food inspired dishes from around the world. To paraphrase their words: "Not exactly traditional, nor fusion" - Paper St. gives everything from poutine, to Yakisoba, to rotisserie jerk chicken their own unique, fun loving twist.   While the food inspiration leans toward a world of grab'n'go, Paper St. is a place to chill out for a while with friends. They're set up restaurant style with a front host and table service, so by all means a restaurant, but with a relaxed, come as you are vibe and a refined edge that's trendy and uniquely Calgarian.  I went with the Nashville Chicken Sandwich and it's inspired me to come back and try everything on the menu. It's a local farm buttermilk fried chicken breast, provolone, pickled carrots and cucumber, cilantro and mayo, (making a coleslaw type topping.) All of this is soaked in a house made hot sauce. Think of a tastier, homemade version of Frank's red hot. You're gonna want to put this $#!+ on everything!  If you're here for social reasons over eatin' reasons, they've got an impressive selection of $5ish snackin' options including a chicken and waffle cone, house cooke chips and dip and more.   The open window street side bars along the west facing front are ideal for catching some sunshine and doing some people watching. As far as indoor seating goes, this is pretty close to a patio.  I didn't get to check out the drink selection this visit, but after today's visit, I'm eager for my chance!	 0
Paper St is a new bar/restaurant, conveniently located across from the Globe Cinema so it would be perfect for dinner and a movie! I will be planning that soon. I had the opportunity to sample several Paper St offerings this evening and they were all good, but the stand out was the Cauliflower Taco - Uber YUMMY!!!   I am familar with the beauty of baked cauliflower but amping it up in an amazing taco? WOW! :-)  You did good Paper St! :-) Vegetarians and meat eaters alike, this is a must try! If a veggie taco doesn't suit, then you will be more then fine with their many other delicious offerings - creative but not pretentious! They put quality first. If you are burned out on silly pretentious hipster food then this place will restore faith that yes! Calgary can.. do good street-style food. The servers were friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. I was lucky enough to chat with the Sous Chef Alex - what a sweetheart, his heart and integrity shine through! :-)	 0
The perfect after work bar for Calgary in this moment. Bright, bare and lively-loud with a mix of draft and semi-craft cocktails, and decently priced, really well made low brow street food. The menu stretches across the globe for tasty casual dishes without seeming forced. I wanted everything on the menu, but picked the na-cho-tots and Reese's blonde sundae. The tater tots were crispy, topped with a vibrant and spicy mix of fresh jalapeños, tasty guacamole with a heavy cumin accent, sour cream and assorted veg confetti. It'd be easy to make this dish bland with pickled jalapeños or having soggy tots or a packaged guac, but they really put the effort in. The blondie was warm and peanut buttery, with a good quality ice cream and a generous amount of chocolate fudge sauce, a good deal for $5. Will definitely be back to try all the other offerings I saw going by, like the Nashville sandwich or the jerk chicken!	 0
I had the mexi-salad which was ok.  The server assured me the soup of the day, cream of mushroom, is vegetarian.  However, it turned out to be cream of mushroom with sausage chunks.  This place has a young crowd, 20s and 30s.  The music was loud and catered to a young crowd.  We were there with my partner's parents and it was too loud for our group.	 1
Ambiance  was too bare for me,and cold,mom's grilled cheese was a tiny serving and the chips were pretty bad,and was expensive for the serving size. I wont be back.	 1
Stopped in a quick bite - got the chicken and waffles and a Ramen Burger. Got the Tots to go with the burger - THE BEST! I could just get an order of tots and the sauce they come with. YUM!  Very friendly and fun place.	 0
We came in early when is was empty and the staff was great and took some extra time to chat and suggest couple items.  Drinks where delicious and beer selection very impressive. The food was awesome with some unique items that impressed us.  Try the poke, huge fish tacos or fried chicken waffle and you will come back for more.  I would say this is a must stop for the foodie person.	 0
Never underestimate the power of social media because that's exactly what lured me here. And it's the amazing food that's going to keep me coming back!  I love love love fried chicken. Seeing their take on chicken & waffles - buttermilk chicken strips and mashed potatoes stuffed in a waffle cone, I knew it was a must have!  Their na-cho-tots? Tater tots smothered in creamy queso, spicy sour cream, guac and jalapeños? Sooooooo good!  And you cannot go wrong with their mac & cheese. Bacon? Yes. Dorito crust? Did they make mac & cheese even BETTER by crumbling cheesy nacho chips on top? YOU KNOW IT!  I seriously want to continue coming back till I've tried everything on their menu - it's that good!	 0
I liked my first experience here. It was important for me to sample the food so I know what I like! To be honest looking at the menu before I came, I would never have given this spot a second thought. Thank you Dale and Yelp putting this together because now I know I like food and drink outside my comfort zone!!  Again I will reiterate I hate gin, but the suggestion Shyanna made of the Bramble cocktail, because I like a sweeter cocktail was great! Loved the drink!! Sampled some beer too!  My favourite food sample was the pork carnitas taco loved it!! Also loved the house cooked chips and dip, and the elotes the ramen burger was good too! Drinks are pricey but I will be back! Enjoyed it very much!! I suggest go outside your box, you never know until you try it!!	 0
What a refreshing addition to the Calgary culinary scene. Five big fat stars for the following: atmosphere , service , drink specials , and of course food. While everyone at our table rave about their dishes I'm going to take this opportunity to suggest two - you absolutely have to order the KFC ( don't even ask just trust me) and the mac and cheese - it's topped with crumbled Doritos. Mmmhmmm !	 0
Came here Wednesday evening with a few friends for a last minute dinner before I head out back to Chicago. I heard such great things from other friends and yelp that we had to try this place out. Paper St offers street food from all over the world but the one thing I wanted to try from their menu was the ramen burger... unfortunately they were sold out AT 630pm??!!? I am guessing it was an extremely popular item or they just didn't make enough for the day. Instead I ordered the Nashville Spicy Burger along with a few other of my friends. We also ordered the Bacon Mac & Cheese and the Bahn Mi Sandwich.  Overall the food was mediocre and nothing special, but one common factor was that all of our fries had a mix of fresh out of the frier and some that have been sitting there getting soggy and unappetizing.   The ambiance was great and allowed the outdoor feeling without being outside especially during this "rainy" season and it allowed for great people watching. There was a good mix of table top and traditional seating.   Several different factor went into my review - mediocre food, great ambiance and great fusion/take on comfort foods from around the world. However, the biggest factor for my visit at Paper St was the service, it was extremely slow and the waitress was no where to be seen for most of the night. At one point in the night there was not a single employee to be seen, no bartender, no waitress, no hostess, nadaa! When we were trying to pay for the bill our waitress disappeared for 10 mins so we had to flag down the bartender to take our money... Maybe they were understaffed that night or had a off day but overall Paper St was a bust for me. I would be open to trying it out again in the future once they iron out the kinks. Happy Munching!	 1
A menu inspired by street food from around the world? Um yes please! I remember seeing a photo of the chicken & waffle cone and I immediately was on the hunt for the place where this is a reality. It's not often when I scan over a menu and I am SO conflicted on what to get because everything just sounds so amazing and I get sad I don't have multiple stomachs.   First of all, I am enamoured by the awesome wall art of the Rat Pack on the left when you first enter, which was done by a local artist. It adds a bit of a classic flare to a hip place which I love. The place itself it pretty big with plenty of seating and a wide open window that makes it look even bigger and allows a lot of fresh air into the place, which is especially awesome on a nice day. The server we had was very friendly and down to earth. It happened to be half price wine that day, so of course we got a bottle. We had SUCH a hard time with the menu because there were so many creative and unique options (ramen burger!) that we eventually decided on getting a bunch of appies. I LOVED the chicken and waffle cone, and this is coming from someone who has yet to come across a good chicken and waffle combo. The buttermilk chicken was crisp and moist and just had the perfect amount of sweetness to it that it wasn't overpowering. The waffle cone itself was soft and not your standard crunchy, ice cream cone.   The salt and pepper turkey wings are gigantic, but super flavourful. The chipotle ranch is also equally amazing and I would drown all my food in it. My girlfriend is a huge taco fan and said that both the pork and fish tacos were delicious. The na-cho-tots were also great! With all the fixings on top, I found that you had to eat it fairly quickly as the tots can get soggy.   Overall, loved the place and it's atmosphere, will definitely return!	 0
The intersection for a world of street food. Paper St. (It's yours. Take it. You're welcome.)  Don Draper and Mel Gibson in "What Women Want" would have lost their minds over that gold I just dropped. Paper St. is a collection of street food inspired dishes from around the world. To paraphrase their words: "Not exactly traditional, nor fusion" - Paper St. gives everything from poutine, to Yakisoba, to rotisserie jerk chicken their own unique, fun loving twist.   While the food inspiration leans toward a world of grab'n'go, Paper St. is a place to chill out for a while with friends. They're set up restaurant style with a front host and table service, so by all means a restaurant, but with a relaxed, come as you are vibe and a refined edge that's trendy and uniquely Calgarian.  I went with the Nashville Chicken Sandwich and it's inspired me to come back and try everything on the menu. It's a local farm buttermilk fried chicken breast, provolone, pickled carrots and cucumber, cilantro and mayo, (making a coleslaw type topping.) All of this is soaked in a house made hot sauce. Think of a tastier, homemade version of Frank's red hot. You're gonna want to put this $#!+ on everything!  If you're here for social reasons over eatin' reasons, they've got an impressive selection of $5ish snackin' options including a chicken and waffle cone, house cooke chips and dip and more.   The open window street side bars along the west facing front are ideal for catching some sunshine and doing some people watching. As far as indoor seating goes, this is pretty close to a patio.  I didn't get to check out the drink selection this visit, but after today's visit, I'm eager for my chance!	 0
Paper St is a new bar/restaurant, conveniently located across from the Globe Cinema so it would be perfect for dinner and a movie! I will be planning that soon. I had the opportunity to sample several Paper St offerings this evening and they were all good, but the stand out was the Cauliflower Taco - Uber YUMMY!!!   I am familar with the beauty of baked cauliflower but amping it up in an amazing taco? WOW! :-)  You did good Paper St! :-) Vegetarians and meat eaters alike, this is a must try! If a veggie taco doesn't suit, then you will be more then fine with their many other delicious offerings - creative but not pretentious! They put quality first. If you are burned out on silly pretentious hipster food then this place will restore faith that yes! Calgary can.. do good street-style food. The servers were friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. I was lucky enough to chat with the Sous Chef Alex - what a sweetheart, his heart and integrity shine through! :-)	 0
The perfect after work bar for Calgary in this moment. Bright, bare and lively-loud with a mix of draft and semi-craft cocktails, and decently priced, really well made low brow street food. The menu stretches across the globe for tasty casual dishes without seeming forced. I wanted everything on the menu, but picked the na-cho-tots and Reese's blonde sundae. The tater tots were crispy, topped with a vibrant and spicy mix of fresh jalapeños, tasty guacamole with a heavy cumin accent, sour cream and assorted veg confetti. It'd be easy to make this dish bland with pickled jalapeños or having soggy tots or a packaged guac, but they really put the effort in. The blondie was warm and peanut buttery, with a good quality ice cream and a generous amount of chocolate fudge sauce, a good deal for $5. Will definitely be back to try all the other offerings I saw going by, like the Nashville sandwich or the jerk chicken!	 0
I had the mexi-salad which was ok.  The server assured me the soup of the day, cream of mushroom, is vegetarian.  However, it turned out to be cream of mushroom with sausage chunks.  This place has a young crowd, 20s and 30s.  The music was loud and catered to a young crowd.  We were there with my partner's parents and it was too loud for our group.	 1
Ambiance  was too bare for me,and cold,mom's grilled cheese was a tiny serving and the chips were pretty bad,and was expensive for the serving size. I wont be back.	 1
The restaurant is easy to find, right on 10th in Kensington, but the door is off to one side which is great - keeps street noise and annoying breezes away from the other diners.  Upon entering the first thing I noticed was the warm colours and rich woods everywhere.  It's very inviting and cozy.  Our group was seated, conveniently, at a series of tables stretching the length of the middle of the main dining area.  We looked at menus for fun, just to see what kind of food they had, though the dinner was pre-planned.  There's a great description of the restaurant, some of the ingredients they use, and how they came inside the front of the menu - they use spices I'd never even heard of which was exciting!  I tried the Pinot Grigio which was light and crisp, great for the hot day outside and the first round brought out was a series of plates with puff pastry triangles and little bowls of hot sauce.  The triangles, which look like samosas, are filled with a delicious lentil mixture for the vegetarian ones (we didn't have the beef ones).  They're great with the hot sauce which sneaks up on you a little but is so flavourful with great spices and a little smokiness.  We each had one and I split an extra with Derek they were so good.  By this point everyone was pretty comfortable and the conversation was getting lively.  The platters brought out were huge for the main course!  There was the giant puffy bread circle, loaded with mounds of Cabbage/carrot (delicious!!), lentils, split peas, lamb, ground beef, and chicken.  There were several rounds of rolls of extra bread brought for us to eat with, and steaming-hot bowls of rosemary beef and mushrooms (I passed on those ones but the beef was delicious).  The food was so good we all stuffed ourselves silly and then had to take leftovers home.  The last time I had Ethiopian I left starving...this time I was satisfyingly over-full.  You can tell they cook from the heart, and I can't wait to eat there again!	 0
My friend and I had a great experience here one night. I have had the pleasure of eating Ethiopian food on a few occasions. My first time was at a fancy restaurant in Montreal, the second was at an Ethiopian church off Edmonton Trail and both times I was delighted. So when we decided to try Marathon, I was very excited!   We went in on a Friday night around 8:30 and were a little skeptical because there was no one else in the place. We were served by a young man who I would assume is the owner's son. He was very polite and appeared to be very happy serving us (he had a huge smile the whole time). We were shocked to find out that Marathon has been around for 21 years and that we'd never heard of it. Our concerns about there being no one else around were assuaged when our server told us that the place had been packed before we got there and that their typical dinner time rush was from 6-8. We ordered a variety of dishes to share (the two of us can polish off a lot of food) and we were overwhelmed with joy when all the dishes we ordered were amazing! The lamb was probably our favorite but the cold lentil dish was a close second for me. You can really tell that the food is prepared with lots of love. I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for an incredibly authentic Ethiopian experience.  You've gotta eat here!	 0
We had a great experience at Marathon tonight. We had the sambusas to start, both beef and vegetarian and they were to die for. Crisp, packed with filling and flavour:)   We tried three dishes and we were very pleased with our meal. Lamb, beef, ans a cold lentil dish served with injira, a thin bread you use to eat with:)  We loved the lamb the most, but the cold lentils were so fresh and flavourful!   Do try this little gem	 0
A huge plate with all sorts of different and very flavorful food...that's what I like! A family business that provides very authentic and tasty Ethiopian food.  When you walk by the place it doesn't look too inviting. The inside is very Ethiopian-looking, but I wasn't too impressed at first, to be honest. The place is a bit worn down, not necessarily the cleanest. The fish tank they have is very dirty and I couldn't see any fish....  ...but then there was the food! It is very delicious, so flavorful and so different from what we usually eat, different in a good way. Get one of the combo platters and share with your friends/partner! It is a great experience and I very much recommend to try it!   The owner is a super nice person! He will tell you all you need to know about the food and make recommendations. His wife cooks the food. Truly a family business, since 20 years now!   They have a lunch buffet Monday to Friday from 11:30am - 2:30pm, that might be the best option to try all the different dishes.  It is air conditioned!	 0
Was here last night as part of a Yelp event.  We all left absolutely stuffed.  The food was incredible.  The service was great.  The prices were well below what I would have expected.  I have found my new Ethiopian food home.	 0
While I was already more than impressed by the food and the fun, communal way of eating, it was a conversation I had with the owner, Michael, that turned this experience into something much more than a meal. This is what I learned:  Michaels wife and him moved from Ethiopia twenty-one years ago, and within the year they opened Marathon Ethiopian in Kensington - and they've been doing it ever since. He says the restaurant started almost as a joke - he really enjoyed his wife's meals and they'd casually kid about how they should open a restaurant. He says "I really liked her cooking... we didn't really have anything else to go on, other than hoping that other people would like her cooking too." The next thing they knew, they were going for it, and Marathon Ethiopian was opened. Twenty years later, they're business and his wife is still doing the cooking. According to Michael, things have only gotten better for them. "Calgary 20 years ago - it was tough." he said, remarking that people are a lot more open to trying new things now. "Like this - this is good!" he said, motioning toward our table.  I don't know how you could get closer to a home cooked Ethiopian meal in Calgary than this restaurant. I asked Michael about the ingredients in a hot sauce I fell in love with and he said "it's got lots of cayenne", a few more things and "the other spices, I don't know if there is even an english word for them. I bring them in right from Ethiopia" You wanna talk authenticity? Try foods made with nameless spices that aren't even available in this country!	 0
Any amazing hole  in the wall in Kensington! Be prepared to enjoy an amazing meal with two utensils that you never leave home without: your hands! We started the meal with sambusas, an Ethiopian version of an empanada. There's two options, a vegetarian and a beef, served with a red sauce with a spicy kick. Usually I go for the meat, but the vegetarian blows the beef out of the water! You gotta try it, especially if you enjoy spicy and savory. For the main course, we had the combination platter. This is like getting the best items in the menu in one dish. Like lamb? Awesome! Beef? Cool. Chicken, go for it. Not feeling the meats? There's just as many vegetarian options on the platter too. It's served with a Ethiopian bread would be what I imagine a tortilla and sourdough bread had a baby. You use it to grab whatever meat or veggies you want and chow down. Defiantly coming back to this slot again soon!	 0
This is my go-to when my girlfriend and I are indecisive. Hungry? Get the platter for two and you'll leave stuffed for about $38.00   This is a great local business. Owner puts his sons to work and they're very polite and respectful. Good waiter decorum, and pretty quick service.   This place made me love Ethiopian food.	 0
Such good food. If you haven't tried Ethiopian food, you have to come here. It is soooo good. Familiar tastes. Rich flavours. All eaten with your hands and a flat bread called ingera. You will NOT be disappointed with the taste, quality, or quantity.	 0
The food here is good and is inexpensive.  That's about it.  The service is slow and it's hard to get anyone's attention.  One time we waited 15 minutes to even see a server in the dining room.  We hovered around the kitchen entrance to get someone's attention but no one was there.  Finally someone saw us looking into the kitchen and they said they'd get to us.  Then we proceeded to wait another 10 minutes.  Not acceptable.	 1
It's a very nice restaurant, tucked away in the corner of the busy Kensington street (if you walk fast you'd miss it). The food is soooo delicious, and reasonably price (for Kinsington anyways). I and my friend got a platter for 2 and absolutely loved everything that was presented in that platter. Lots of Vegetarian options too, and if you are into spicy hot sauce, this is the place to go.	 0
I was debating whether or not to write a review about this place as I didn't know how to word it because I didn't want to be 'mean', but since eating there a few days ago I've been having daymares about it so I felt like I should. I don't really have anything good to say about my experience except that the waiter was friendly. It was both my friend and I's first time trying Ethiopian food. I've been wanting to try it for some time and the reviews convinced me but I'm not really sure what all the good reviews are about. Disappointing.  My friend and I decided to share so we ordered a chicken dish and a vegetarian dish, one with rice and the other with injera bread. Before going there I assumed the injera was supposed to be gluten-free as it's usually made with teff flour, which it is, but here it's also mixed with rye flour. Good thing I asked the waiter ahead of time. So I only ate the rice with my meal and I don't want to speak for my friend, but he didn't seem that keen on the bread since he seemed to want more rice and still had quite a bit of bread left at the end of it. He's much nicer than I am and more tolerant though, I think.   They waiter came out at least 10 minutes after we had ordered to tell us they were "out" of the first chicken dish we ordered....? The restaurant wasn't even that busy and how do you not know you don't have anymore when we ordered? Meanwhile, other people who came in after us, got their order, ate, and left before we even started eating. Sorry, I digress...anyway, the waiter suggested a different chicken dish but it had the same spices and sauce that the vegetarian dish we ordered and we wanted a different flavour to have a bit of variety especially since it was both our first time trying this type of food. Then he suggested another one on the menu that was made with beef but he said we could have it with chicken.....sooo we know they had chicken, which is why I was so perplexed as to why we couldn't have the original chicken dish we ordered. It's just made with different spices. I even asked him (nicely, I might add) after he said they didn't have the one we originally wanted if they couldn't just make it? He said no. Ok...so we went with the second one he suggested.  Well, our food finally arrived....The vegetarian dish was decent. It was a spicy chickpea stew. The "chicken" on the other hand is what I had the problem with and can't get out of my mind (as much as I want to). It makes me cringe when I think about it. It was very tough and hard to chew. I've never had chicken like that before, and I'm no gourmet chef but even I have never made chicken that bad. I didn't even know it was possible. The flavour was not good either. The more I've thought about it since then I'm thinking that chicken had to have been pre-made and re-heated and possibly...*gasp*...microwaved. Ick! Really, how could it have that consistency and texture? Again, ick...yuck..eww! The salad that came with it was not what I was expecting in a simple salad. I was looking forward to at least eating that as I thought it might be a nice, refreshing balance to the spice of the rest of the meal. Not the case; that too was spicy so I didn't finish eating that either.  :(  A friend once told me that you should try everything twice, just in case I guess...but I just can't...well, maybe a different Ethiopian restaurant...one that's highly recommended by someone I trust...after I erase this experience from my memory. I won't be back to Marathon anytime soon....or ever. And I won't be recommending it to anyone either.  Sorry for the long review, but I felt like I needed to explain my reason for the low rating.	 1
The platter for 2 is enough for 3 people. It gives you a taste of chicken, lamb, ground beef and a variety of grains.  Super delicious!!	 0
When you hear White Elephant Thai Cuisine automatically the first thing that comes to mind are spicy, elegant, and Thai food. White Elephant is a hidden gem located in the Airport Traveller's Inn (19 St NE & 16 Ave NE), there are two entrances: cutting through the lobby of the Inn and a side door in the middle of a wall.   What I found different of White Elephant is that their maximum capacity is 60 people meaning their dining area is pretty small, they only accept debit and cash, and their hours of operation is from 5pm to 8:30 pm Monday to Saturday. If you are going to dine in White Elephant I strongly recommend going when they open or booking reservations for seating.   I really love the food. I ordered the Orange Chicken stir fry with a side of rice while my girlfriend ordered the Pad Thai. The server will ask you how spicy do you want it and you get to choose between 1 and 4 peppers. A little word of advice, if you're not ordering from the Noodle, Fried Rice, and Appetizers section I do recommend you getting a small order of rice. And yes the small order of rice does balance out with what you order.   Everything about the restaurant is great except the wait time if you decide to walk in but other than that it would be a great experience to try! I strongly recommend White Elephant and would definitely come back	 0
This place is hands down my favourite thai restaurant! I always order the matssaman curry, pad Thai, chicken satay skewer and their Thai ice tea. The flavours are there! The only thing is that it is a little hard to find but if you go into the lobby of the travelers inn and walk down the hall it will be on your left side.	 0
I love white elephant! Wish it was closer downtown!!! The service is always friendly and the good is just amazing. They don't like to sit large groups during peak hours so don't be surprised if they turn you away. Since it is a small kitchen I think they don't want to be overwhelmed. Takeout is a great option if you can make the trek!	 0
Best Thai in Calgary. Worth the Wait. Hidden Gem for sure! Authentically source ingredients and taste! Must try!	 0
This is now my favourite Thai Restaurant in Calgary! Tucked inside The Airport Traveller's Inn, this place is well worth the walk down the sketchy hallway to this little gem. Order the freshly made spring rolls and soup to warm you up out of the cold. Then try the coconut rice with green curry with beef, spicy noodles and if you have a group of 4, the Pad Thai. Every dish you order is made fresh, has a different flavour profile and can you can dial up the spice from 1 to the moon! Oh and the iced Thai tea is sweet and refreshing. Enjoy!	 0
In the case that this is the first you have heard they only accept cash or debit, so be prepared. I had a craving for Tom Kai soup... I was checking out reviews and menus and decided to make the trip to White Elephant Thai Cuisine. It is just as I expected in regards to what I had heard - a little hidden place in an old hotel - not fancy.. It was busy, a bit loud and almost full at 5:30 PM on a Tuesday. My daughter ordered chicken Pad Thai and I of course had the Tom Kai soup. We also ordered a large coconut rice. The service was a bit slow, but not neglectful, they were understandably busy. They delivered on THE BEST Thai meal ever!!! So that counts for a lot. My daughters Pad Thai was flavour perfection and HUGE. The coconut rice was delicious! We will have generous leftovers for 2 or three meals tomorrow! The Tom Kai soup was heaven in a bowl - the best ever. I ordered a large and finished it, but it was work. There is no way I could have left it. It was too delicious to waste any. I will be returning to White Elephant soon. Be sure to save a big appetite and go at an off peak time if you go. I am so grateful this place exists! They've have left me in a delightful dreamy eyed haze... Still savouring, long after... I have forgotten all other restaurants in Calgary. At least for awhile...	 0
So, today, was dinner time, rainy day.. Stomach was empty, Asian food were craved again. Decided to discover White Elephant based on raving reviews, and skipped my usual to go place.  Line was long, ok, typical rush hours...  Atmosphere was loud, mmm, no problem, I'm cool with with hipsters.  Ordered for take-out was, well, pad thai and chicken satey kebab... My rocket science level of complexity order and 10 digit phone number took dude cash register 5 minute to get it right.. (why asked for my phone number, which took him up to the 3rd attempt before succeeding, for a take out order ?? still a mystery to me) Receipt was printed, $32 was the total. $40 were given, dude took the bills, glanced to the lady behind me, said: "Next.."  Confused me asked why no changes back? Dude gave me the looks that presumably reserved for homeless-hobos downtown, then smirked "You want changes back ? How much ?" Planned to take back only $2 before "the look", now, asked $6 back for changes.  Didn't think the attitude worth jack, but hey, take out boxes and packing at least deserved $2 Again, another dirty look... "You are done, get out get out!! Next..."   Annoyed me had already stayed out of the line, turned back, and reached for the candy on their "pls calm down" freebie dish. Crazy TNA tubby chick from behind cursed at me "Hey what's the hold up? If u finish, get the f@#$ out of the way!!" Kitchen staffs in the front and waiters actually looked at me and giggled ?? Da f@#$? I thought I already left downtown NYC few days ago ???  Waited another 20min, Grouchy and hungry me did some reading on Yelps and Zomato about the place. I wasn't the only one got s@#$@# from the staffs... A moment of kindred spirit to other victims was felt... No prisoners were taken, since their b@#$@#!@ spared none, Asians, Whites, Blacks...etc  Food arrived, le me left like a rabbit escaped the medieval meat market cage Rain was pouring, nose was sniffling... Home was reached, wet clothes were discarded...  Redemption for the whole ordeal was a lukewarm taste of mediocrity and pretentious food decorating attempt to justify the jacked up price. Wasn't impressed with the hype reviews, presumably coming from the horde of poor trusting and starving hotel travelers around the place with little available choices...     Food: -1 Star (what do u know, half way through the chicken and the pad thai, I saw a long ass hair was having a 3way with another noodle string and piece of onion. Upon discovering another funny looking slimy puddle in the other corner of the plastic box, my stomach just turned. Whole thing into the bin seconds after) Services: -1 Star (well, it's not like they robbed me or spiked my food with poison or anything) Repeat: Lol, what ? R u kidding ?? Did u even read the above ???                But hey, if u are a fan of petty revenge spit-festered food and and equal level of serving, by all means...	 1
I'm sorry to say this but The White Elephant is not what it used to be.  The food used to be spectacular. The service was good too. Not any more.  Firstly, you have to get there early and stand in line. My husband and I were there first for dinner. The workers saw us there and acknowledged that we were first in line and so, the first to be served. That didn't go so well the last and final time we went there.  We were seated first, but that was it! Two other tables of (assumably) friends of the owners were seated next and served first and second. Hubby complained to the manager and he assured my husband that he would make sure that the waiter served us first and that he was sorry for the mix up. After returning to our table, hubby and I waited and watched, fuming, while the waiter again returned to the two other tables.  By this time, I had had enough. We left and never went back.  That is a shame, because the food was very good with the previous owners..	 1
I'd love to write a review about the food but unfortunately I was not served. I had only my credit card and US$ cash. Only Canadian debit cards and Ca$ cash are accepted. Guys, you are next to the airport and the INTERNATIONAL travel lounge. The place looked also messy, a big food cart with dirty dishes was next to the entrance. The menu card was sticky. But seeing all the good reviews here, the food must make up for it...	 1
Taste and feel like what you can find in Thailand.  As a Thai people who lives in Thailand for my whole life, I found this restaurant taste very authentic. I came here with my family. We ordered Tom Yam Kai, stir fry vegetables, sweet and sour fish, papaya salad, and stir fry basil pork. Everything taste like great and authentic for Thai people like me and my family.	 0
Great service , delicious food , soo much food u get enough to take left over home :) ordered chicken satay it was so soft juicy and declines ... Tom yum soup has all the sweet tangy sour and spicy .... High light Padthai :) soo good ! And last dish was this crispy fish with curry sauce :) soo good it's like fish and chip vibes but with Thai flavour ! Superb ! Solid dinner date !	 0
This place is a hidden gem! Always busy which goes to show that despite the lack of curb appeal - this place is the classic hole in the wall, delicious food sort of place. Aside from the lousy service - this place is great. The food is always good but be cautious when they ask you how spicy you'd like it... 2 is plenty spicy and trust me, I love spicy.   Probably the best Thai food in the city. Would definitely suggest trying it out if you haven't yet!	 0
5 stars.  This is the best Thai food in Calgary and among the best Thai food you are likely to find anywhere within or without Thailand..    The strength of the Whte Elephant is the richness and complexity of its spice and flavour profile.  The food is simple, authentic and delicious.  Omnipresent dishes such as green curry are elevated here. The diversity of the menu also delivers- no misses on the board.  Weaknesses?  There are two.  First- The restaurant is located in one of the sketchiest motels in the city.  You've been warned.  Second- the word is out on this place and they can't accommodate the demand on the weekend.  If you call for takeout between Thursday to Sunday they might not pick up the phone.  Ultimately this amounts to an eat-in experience that offers great food and polite if overwhelmed service and a vicarious visit to a transient yet consistently stabby part of town.    This place is the embodiment of a hidden treasure.  If they were in Mission or Bridgeland or whatever your local Williamsburg you'd pay 3 times as much and not blink an eye.  Tip them well and maybe they can move in a few years.	 0
UNA Pizza...Great Room, Great Patio, Great Atmosphere and Bustling with Energy...Great Management Team !!!  Great Place for a Date, They even have a cool secret lounge in the back alley... Ask Server ;)  A Real WInner !!!	 0
Una is my unicorn that poops rainbows and I love the warm fuzzy feelings I get every time I come here. It honestly can do no wrong.   I rarely give five stars and Una deserves this because it slays and it CONSISTENTLY slays every single time I've eaten here, and trust me, I've eaten here lots. The food and service is top notch every time.   Their Kale Caesar salad is mind blowing and is the best Kale salad in the city. Copy cats can try to duplicate it, but I've yet to find a close equal. Their meatballs are fresh and tasty and their calamari, despite departing from the standard deep fried method, is served in a putanesca sauce and is refreshingly delicious.   You can't go wrong with any of the pizzas. The crust is thin, sturdy and not prone to sogginess which is a HUGE plus! There's nothing worse than soggy pizza crust! The pizza special of the day frequently sells out by dinner time so you'll have to catch it at lunch. My favorites are Tiki and Prosciutto.   I'm so happy Una exists in Calgary. I wish there were more places like this in the city, but translated from latin, Una means "one". It all makes sense if you think about it - there is only *one* unicorn in my life and that only *one* is Una.	 0
I feel like there's no real point in writing another glowing review for UNA but I'll do it anyway. I've tried a bunch of their menu items at this point and some favourites include:  Mushroom pizza. Obviously if you do not like mushrooms you will not enjoy this pizza. But if you love fungi like I do then this pizza is a must try. The truffle oil is not too strong and there so many mushrooms. I think this one is my favourite.  Margherita pizza. A nice simple classic. But you can actually taste the fresh basil and there isn't an overwhelming amount of cheese or crappy tomato paste. This one would be my second choice for a lighter option.  Artichoke heart pizza. The sundried tomatoes are not overwhelming and the lemon zest is a nice light counter to the rich cheese.  Arugula nut pesto spread with sourdough bread. I don't think they make the bread themselves but it is amazing. The eggplant and roasted garlic spread is also quite good.   I've tried their mealshare pizza and plates a few times and haven't loved the plates although the one Californian pizza I had was awesome.   One pizza is more than enough for two people; although you shouldn't worry about leftovers because they still taste amazing the next day!   I love coming to UNA; the ambience is lovely, the food is delicious, and the people are friendly. What's not to love?	 0
There are so many positive reviews of Una that I will only briefly add to the chorus of Yelpers that have enjoyed their meal.  First of all - a Harry Potter audio book playing in the bathroom?! Seriously delightful.  There was another book being read when I left, although I didn't recognize the title it made going to the bathroom pretty fun.  Since I did not see any reviews commenting on parking, I would recommend taking transit or walking.  I'm not familiar with this area of Calgary, but the restaurant was on a busy street and there was no street parking out front.  I expect that there are pay lots in the vicinity, but nothing adjacent to the restaurant.  We went at 4:00 pm on a Saturday and were seated immediately, but there was a large line out the door by the time we left (6-ish).  Our food here was as good as I expected!  My group of three tried three different pizzas: the Tiki, which is their take on a Hawaiian, the four maggi (cheese), and the special of the day, which had honey mustard, arugula, and roasted chicken on it.  All were fantastic, and their crust is really unique.  It's soft, kind of chewy and held up all the toppings well.  I loved the super thin pineapple on my pizza, and my pineapple-hating husband loved it too, to everyone's surprise.  Top notch casual dining, and a perfect choice for pre-race carb loading.	 0
Kale Cesar salad was amazing.  Attentive staff, totally welcoming of my 7 and 9 year old boys.  Pizza, calamari and steak- delicious.  The sauce for the steak was too spicy for my kid, but the flavours were so amazing, I used it as a dip for my pizza crust.  Love how family friendly place this is, with such tasty food to enjoy!!	 0
I only give 5 Stars on the occasion I am exceptionally impressed with something. Not to say I am not impressed in a 4 star review... but well you know sometimes there is a difference.  So I discovered UNA because my wife found it and brought me there for my birthday dinner on Sunday. She also knows I have a special SPECIAL love for gourmet pizza, Italian tomatoes, red wine, and high quality sourced ingredients.   And, what did we get? GOURMET FRICKEN AWESOME PIZZA. The first words that left my mouth after the first bite was: "Wow, that was something special."  It's not just the food that add up to a 5 Star review - it was the service, the knowledge about the menu items, and the incredible knowledge about the ingredients and where they came from.   Overall, it was a personable experience and we both felt very comfortable like we were "part of the family" as it were. Great staff, great culinary skills, and impressive ingredients go well together.   We highly recommend it.  Thanks UNA! We will be seeing you again.   Sincerely, Shane	 0
Good service, good food, good wine, good atmosphere and good price point.  What more can i ask for? I was there on a rainy sunday evening and they were packed to the brim.  We had the walnut stuffed dates wrapped with prosciutto which I thought was really good.  My favorite is the mushroom pizza with truffle oil.  It had a generous amount of cremini mushrooms with good amount of truffle flavor. Now please will you open a location in Edmonton? :)	 0
I did not expect to be eating some of the best pizza I've ever had in Calgary but Una Pizza delivers every time! If you are reading this review looking for a good pizza place to hit up tonight then stop your search right now as you've found it!   You should have already stopped reading this review by now and be out of the door.	 0
My partner and i don't understand why this restaurant has great reviews. It had the worst pizza ever and I am the type who eats everything even if it doesn't taste that good. However, in this case the pizza was too bad for me to eat and very expensive too! It literally tasted like cardboard and a cheap pizza in a developing country tastes way better! Im not exaggerating! I think this is one place where ppl go to be seen because we really do not understand how it can still be serving its pizzas. Service was ok tho...just really bad pizza!	 1
Your web site stinks. . Online right. to hard to order.	 1
2-stars.  I can't help but wonder why Una Pizza + Wine is always so busy...  Oh yes, this is Calgary where most people don't realize a $20 12-inch pizza and $8 glass of "house" wine is highway robbery.  Maybe on occasion I will spend $15 on some kale, panko, a boiled egg, deli meat and cheese because I'm a man and quite frankly I hate making salads :)  However, paying ($15-$21) for a dry, thin crust pizza that is lacking in flavour and ingredients is right above getting my scrotum waxed on my priorities list.  Una doesn't take reservations.  Why not you ask?  Well because they don't really need to.  There are plenty of suckers walking along 17th ave at all hours day and night, so there!  I was coaxed into going here one day.  There were two of us so we were seated in the only available non-hour-long-wait space; the "chef's counter" aka, in front of the sweltering hot oven.  The air quality in the restaurant isn't the best to start off with and sitting in front of the hot oven made it worse.  However, we didn't feel like waiting an hour (BTW we walked right in).  The smell of baked dough is good at first but then you end up wanting to go outside after a few minutes to the carbon monoxide fest on 17th ave for some fresh air.  I'm a pineapple-in-my-pizza kind of guy so I ordered the "tiki" ($17); my friend ordered the mushroom ($20).  I ordered a glass of the house white ($8) as well.  I'm not a wine connoisseur so I won't comment on how good or bad it was.  All I can say is that I couldn't "tell the difference" so they could've been serving a $10 bottle of something or a $40 bottle of something and I wouldn't be any of the wiser.  I have a feeling it's not the latter.  Our pizza came out in a short while (10-15min.).  They have a fancy tray device where you can put one tray on top of another at the same table, a smart idea!  The tiki pineapple was sliced paper thin so it became really dry and hard to taste.  The sauce was mediocre and the crust was dry.  The mushroom was only slightly better ($3 better perhaps?).  It came out with arugula and supposedly tuffle oil; I couldn't taste it.  I only had 3 slices but I felt really bloated after eating there.  Ok, on to the good thing (singular):  Una's service is great (4-stars here, hence 2-stars overall).  Everyone is polite.  The service staff and the host staff are amazing and they run the place like a well oiled machine.  Una is part of the BMeX group of restaurants (see my Native Tongues Taqueria review) and I'm starting to see a trend with them.  They like to hire young, hip staff, design a visually stunning dining area and then deliver a mediocre product.  I'm not returning anytime soon.	 1
The food is fantastic and the service is even better!! My review is a little late but when we were meeting friends at Market for dinner, I had just found out I was pregnant, and wasn't telling anyone yet.  We got there first and had a chance to tell our server, Aaron that we were keeping this secret. He was beyond great, from making recommendations to subtly getting nonalcoholic beer and even blacking out the name on the bill so our friends didn't find out.   Beyond the attention to detail Aaron was extremely friendly and made our evening by treating us like old friends.  He is hands down the best server we've had in years!!   As I said, food is great but we will go back to Market because of the service.	 0
Last night my husband and I went here for dinner. We were greeted by a very nice man who seemed to really like that we were ok to wait at the bar for our table. We were greeted by a very nice bartender - so great that we decided to sit at the bar for dinner even though we had a table booked.  We enjoyed lots of wine and a couple cocktails with our dinner. We had two appetizers (dill pickle chicken wings and pulled pork potato sliders) and the steak main dish. We had them come out whenever it was ready and it was perfect. Great service from all the staff - I even got to taste some wine that I've never tried before I ordered my next glass. I thought it was very nice of them to do that.  I loved sitting at the bar because it gave us a front row view of the bartender making all the fantastic cocktails - seeing her make an old fashion really made me want that as my next drink! And then seeing her make the hibiscus drink with persecco automatically made me want that for dessert. Needless to say after multiple drinks and great plates of food we will be back.	 0
This place is really good. I've been here about 5 times and I've always really enjoyed it. The way I would describe it is just good tasting food without any pretentiousness. The layout is nice, relaxed and spacious and the staff is friendly and professional.   I've had many different dishes here and they have all been delicious. They don't try to get too weird with their dishes with  odd ingredients and I think they just focus on the taste   This is a great go to spot for a nice meal (especially on date night).	 0
This place without a doubt has the best meal I've ever consumed in the entirety of my life.   I had the 3 course meal for $25 including a fresh market salad, fried chicken sandwich which had things like fresh pesto, homemade garlic aioli and juicy chicken, and a moist carrot cake with cream cheese icing. I am not joking when I say it is literally the best meal I've had. All of the ingredients at this restaurant were fresh and local and it really made the difference! Along with the meal, I had the market iced tea which is also made on site and it is so so good!  Cannot say enough about this place. If you ever have a chance to make it to this hidden secret, or even if you don't, make time and eat delicious food!!!	 0
MARKET is a must if you love fresh, tasty food, and they have everything from lamb shank to potato skins, done with fine dining flair.   Their burger is the best burger I've had in YYC, or possibly ever. Simple, but done right. The romano gnocchi is as good or better than the gnocchi I ate in Italy. It's surprisingly light and fresh. If you're more adventurous, their duck tacos with gooseberry salsa are awesome!  The vibe is open and light, with cool white and black decor, but prepare for an open concept. It doesn't necessarily take away from the experience, its just something to consider depending on the occasion. I also like that you can see who cooks your food, especially when they look like the cooks at MARKET!  The bartenders are usually pretty good as well. They have some creative cocktails and are pretty accommodating.   Best restaurant in Calgary, definitely worth a visit!	 0
Enjoyed dinner here while visiting Calgary. The food was incredible! I ordered the chicken and biscuits which were perfectly made, tender and flavourful. My friend ordered the gnocchi which was fresh and light, alongside the asparagus that was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The staff was very friendly and attentive. The whole experience was great! Will definitely return on my next visit to Calgary!	 0
Have eaten here twice since returning to Calgary after 10 years away. Fabulous food and service both times! Love this place. Everything we have had (both food and drinks) has been excellent. Cannot say enough good things about this place! Go!! You will not regret it.	 0
I wanted to be really really impressed!  But Market fell kinda short, and sent me home feeling a bit ripped off. like when your hot date wears a micro mini...and doesn't put out.   The food was very unimaginative. The descriptions on the menu sound awesome, and when it comes out you're like "that's it?!"   Especially the pork salad. Kale is kale, and  2 pieces of fried pork skin, the kind of you get 7-11 in a chip bag. And they also use that same pork skin in some of the other dishes.  Butternut squash soup comes out of a wine pour 4 ouncer glass. 4 ounces of wine is plenty, 4 ounces of butternut squash soup is petty. Fancy execution and mediocre product. I got the pork, which was ok but on the dry side. The beans and brussel spouts that came with it was straight steamed. Nothing really going on here. Actually, it was so plain it's lazy.  Milk & honey dessert was delicious, but I can't tell if I was just still hungry or if it was really that good.  Plus points for the awesome space that it is now, and the drinks were really good. Perhaps I'd come back for drinks and dessert, and I understand it is going through growing pains, maybe when the menu changes I would try it again. But i'm going to pass for now.	 1
Strictly speaking about food quality, service speed, portion size, and prices - it is a strong four-star contender.  One thing made Mazaj stick out of the crowd for me, though. While some people do their job, for others their job is a work of love. And such people set the bar and redefine experiences.  Mazaj folks did just that to me, becoming a model Mediterranean place in my books.  Work of love - this is how I would characterize Mazaj. Just look how patiently and carefully each of the countless thousands of plates is getting prepared, arranged, handed to you. How genuinely friendly (actually recognizing your face in a countless flock of people!) owners of Mazaj greet you - that's not fake, that's honestly human!  They care, and it shines. Especially in faceless and busy corporate downtown.  Absolutely pleasant surprise, given that from outside this place does not look like a big deal - but I strongly recommend you to drop in and give it a try. I was amazed, and returned more than a few times - hope you will, too.	 0
the food is fantastic and totally affordable! The service is great. The owners are really friendly. Everything looks clean and fresh and the smell of cooking when you go in is amazing.	 0
Nothing lavish but  shawarma sandwich generous, very tasty,reasonable price ,cleanliness and service with a smile. What more to expect for a quick lunch. On basis of quality/price deserves fully a 5/5.	 0
Came here after the gym and I discovered that it's amazing! It's so clean in here and turns out it's a hidden gem, the food is wonderful and beautiful and healthy :)	 0
These guys have been making amazing shwarmas for the past 6-7 years. My favorite place in the city.	 0
Hidden gem is the best way to describe this place. I don't think you'd ever notice it if you don't work in the area. However, you *have* to check this place out. This place is delicious. A co-worker recommended it to me for the beef shawarma but I ended up getting falafel and a potato pie. My friend got the tabouli.   Everything was incredibly tasty. I was commenting to my friend that my problem with falafel is that many places have a good mix, but they over fry. That means you get these rock hard patties and a bitter taste. Mazaj knows how to do it right. They are seriously delicious and perfectly fried. The other side dishes are also excellent, and they soak the meat after they take it off of the spit in order to keep it moist.   The portions are huge. I was full off of the potato and half of the falafel. That just meant I had some for later. :-)   Either way, you really need to check this place out - it is actually on the same level of the shawarma that I use to get when I was in Egypt.	 0
This hidden gem tucked beside Scotia Center is one of my favorites. I love the traditional pita and the fresh toppings. Great family run lunch spot. I wish I was in that part of town more often.	 0
Great food, great service. Shawarmas are made fresh in front of your eyes. The idea of crisping it on the panini grill and using thinner wraps is excellent. The "other" shawarma places use thicker wraps so they end up soggy and doughy. Mazaj also  have the combination of ingredients just right so the balance between vegetable, meat and wrap is perfect.  I go here at least once a week when I am downtown and have never had a bad meal. I have also taken friends there who grew up in the Middle East and they all agree that Mazaj is totally authentic and delicious. Incidentally my friend tells me the name means something like "naughty or mischievous boy" in Arabic.  If you are a newbie go for the chicken shawarma on the white wrap (forget the diet this once). Also let them make it with everything the first time and then decide if it needs adjusting on your next visit. Yes, let them put the hot sauce on. It won't be too spicy.	 0
Mazaj is my new go to place for shawarma, falaffel, and hummus. I finally tried it two weeks ago after a friend had recommended it. I love their chicken shawarma sandwich. They wrap it slightly differently so the pita is more of a flat rectangle and the pita is crisped up on the panini grill. I really like the texture of the crispy pita. The texture and the flavours of the falaffel were spot on. I also loved the flavour of the hummus. This place is a hidden gem. I would never have tried this place if my friend hadn't told me even though I've walked by it tons of times as it doesn't look like much from the outside.	 0
Just came home from painting garden statues at the Farmer's House.  I had a Great night out! Good food, wine, company and laughter. This is a great night to catch up with the girlfriends. Thanks for such wonderful hospitality Margie Cheers Shelley	 0
Came here for a business lunch and can't wait to return for an afternoon of sun on the patio!  This adorable century home serves up farm fresh favourites in the cozy, antique interior and in in the open air of their exceptional patio.  Featuring a small, but well thought out menu, The Farmer's House manages to cover everything from a full meal, shared plates with friends, quick business lunches, full business meetings in the private dining room, or even just a glass of wine or cup of coffee. Speaking of, the cappuccinos are delicious.  I ordered the daily deli sandwich special and loved it. A full baguette loaded with cheese surrounded by Italian deli meats and a fair amount of spice. I wish I could remember just what the heck was in it but unfortunately it was high quality Italian things that I can't read or pronounce. Extra foodie points to you if you know all their deli ingredients!  They accommodated my dining partner's dietary restrictions without any problems, offering Gluten Free options and even returning to the table to mention that the pesto contained a small amount of parmesan, when he asked to have his flatbread without mozza.   Families, business folk and friends, this is a great place to meet for a quality, conversational bite.	 0
I don't think I have ever experienced being more unwelcome in any establishment as we were in this one. Our older waitress was extremely unwelcoming, to the point of being flat out rude. Very disappointed as the hostess and atmosphere seemed lovely.	 1
Had lunch on what has to be one of the best patios in YYC.   We had about 45 minutes before we had to be at an appointment.   Our server was very personable & efficient.  We ordered the ham & pineapple Flatbread,  soup of the day (lentil) & salad.   Portions were generous & prices extremely reasonable.  We left full, happy & on time for our appointment!   I've since referred friends here & look forward to my  extra visit!	 0
I'm really glad I stepped in last time I was in Marda Loop.  I love the old house ambience and streetside patio. The service was excellent, and they pour a mean Wild Rose pint. The charcuterie board was delicious and excellent value. I will definitely be back. What a gem!	 0
Amazing flatbread pizza- and they have gluten free crust that is soooooo good.  We had the house white wine and local brown beer from Wild Rose.  Choose the chicken pesto flat bread (gf) and margherita flat bread.  Super friendly service and we sat out patio which was great.  Definitely will be back, nice to find a restaurant in Calgary that isn't pretentious, super neighborhood feel and outstanding quality food made with fresh ingredients.	 0
I'd read about the Farmer's House fantastic ploughman's lunch and had to try it for myself. For $18 you get a warm mini baguette, a selection of cheeses and meats, tapenade, pate, fruit and a hard boiled egg. All of which are excellent. Pair with a pint from their small, but varied beer list and you have the perfect lunch.  Staff was friendly, professional and excellent at their job.  The patio is an amazing shaded oasis.	 0
Open at 8 AM for breakfast.   Great value (ham/bacon/chorizo/veg, 2 eggs, cheese and tomato breakfast sandwich $5)   Good coffee.	 0
Hands down for the best Ginger Beef, Dry Spare Ribs and Salt & Pepper Squid  .... my first stop whenever I get off the plane.	 0
Classic Chinatown restaurant. This place will win you over not by it's looks but by the flavours in your mouth.   First off, this is probably my #1 favourite place to go for salt & pepper squid. As one of my favourite Chinese dishes in general, it has the perfect balance between batter and squid. It doesn't feel or look like the poorly done ones where you can see the grease but it has a lightness to it that convinces you that it doesn't have that much oil in it. The flavour is spot on bursting with umami.   My other favourite is the Peking duck (3 course). You can choose for your other 2 courses noodles, rice, or soup. You can't go wrong either way. The duck has a very nice crispy skin and is full of flavour.   It's always a treat to go here. If you can go with a larger group you can try a lot more dishes. I can't wait 'til I return here.	 0
Absolutely disgusting the food was over seasoned and the carrots weren't cooked properly and we had a 16 person meal which included dessert, so once we finished the meal, I went up and asked "could start serving desert" and some bitch said " oh we have no more" I replied "but u promised on the ad that there would be" she came around with a bitchy attitude and stated " not my fault u are too slow" and then I was like "you better give us s discount" she was like "no" so we ended up giving them less tips then what u regularly give and as we walked out the mad sticky faces I clearly yelled at them saying there sticky attitude is unexpected, and the washrooms are GROSS there's a really strong bleach with mild growing in the ledges of the sink well at least in the men's, also the kitchen is dirty and gross with black oil all over the walls, once some of the food came out lots of people at our table started to lose their appetite seeing the amount of food and oil in the portion. NEVER GOING BACK terrible place and it's a waste of time and money to go there with gross door handles at the entrance and gross decor in the restaurant even though it was renovated recently, who ever choose the decor options should get a life and go take a decor class.	 1
Horrible service, tried this place 3 times in the last year and consistently received bad service. The first two times we waited over an hour to get our food. Each time when we flagged them down they would blame us for their bad service in chinese. The third time we waited an hour at the table and no one would serve us, so we left.  Despite other people's recommendations this place seems to disappointed every time.	 1
It's true that they have the best salt & pepper squid in town, but that's the only good stuff they got. Other than that, the food is below average, and the service is the worst I've ever seen.	 1
Lets talk about how much I both love and loath Pigeonhole.  Love: decor is amazing, wine list is extension, food is unreal tasty, service was pretty good, and all in all a great atmosphere.  Loath: what is with the some of the highest price points on food I have seen in Calgary for "tapas" style portions that are minuscule? Now don't get me wrong it was fantastically tasty, but every time a plate came out all I could think was "are you kidding is that all?" Now I get the price point on deboned confit duck leg, but I don't understand paying $11 for 3 slices of sweet potato with some with huckleberry and sheeps milk feta. Was it shower in shaved gold?  My friend and I are always out for more higher end elaborate style meals, and both of us stopped after 5 dishes because we refused to pay any more money and we were still ravenously hungry. This is the first time I have ever left a restaurant after a meal and actually gone somewhere else to eat more.  I am super disappointed because the food is so good, but dont understand why they are skimping on portions? Just cant justify a return visit.	 1
Now, I cannot comment on a normal outing here since this is where I decided we have my company Christmas party in 2015. However, I wanted to review Piegeonhole on that service because it was amazing.  From start to finish the staff were helpful, attentive and dedicated to our group. The space was decorated beautifully and the food was delicious. There was always someone around to fill up your cup and put a canape in your hand.   I would recommend this venue to anyone!	 0
We sat at the bar.  Great staff and decor, with a great but not huge wine list.  You won't find much but name on the list, but thats what i prefer.  No point paying for the name, I'll rather pay for the whats inside the bottle.  Food is delicate, smaller dishes for sharing.  Overall excellent.	 0
I defiantly agree it's an overpriced overhyped foodie destination. Between 2 people we ordered: grilled meatballs, shabu shabby beef, cabbage and chicken dumplings, and the "family size" fish tacos. pro: lovley service, hipster decor and cabbage dumpling which had onion just sauce and stuffed with gouda.  cons: PRICE for each tapas dish it's  $18 for what I felt like I got... gravey with meatball(grilled mratballs), panchetta with salty miso soup(shabu shabu), $48 fish tacos which you have to de-bone dilligently.   Disclaimer: I am a foodie and have been to michelin star restaurants where I would GLADY pay again to have again. I've also been to Vietnam to have the "fish style" taco and Japan for shabu shabu and it is a POOR comparison. For a $150 meat I expected much better.	 1
All the plates and cocktails are so yummy!! Such a posh and elegant venue. This place is definitely one of the best cocktails bars I have been to in Calgary and their plates are delicious.  I recommend coming here with 2-3 friends so you can try several dishes and a couple cocktails without spending too much money. I went with a couple friends and we shared 4 dishes and had two cocktails each and with tip our total was about $70.00 - not bad for gourmet cuisine and very good cocktails.  My favourite dish was the charred cabbage. This is one of those creative dishes where chefs prove they can make anything taste delicious with the right ingredients and cooking. Well done chefs. Well done.  The ricotta dumplings were a close second favourite. If you are a "cheese person" you'll love them. The rabbit roulade and grilled duck leg were also very good. You really can't go wrong. Order whatever you're in the mood for and you'll probably be pretty pleased.  The earl grey martini was also yum. All around a beautiful new Calgary venue with epic tapas =)	 0
We had an infuriating experience with their haughty hostess. I made a reservation online. I responded to their email the day before and confirmed my reservation. Then when we showed up for the reservation, the hostess couldn't find it. I showed her my confirmation email and she said, "Ohhh, we switched reservation systems to open table yesterday. Maybe that's why we don't have your reservation." You think??! What a moron. I informed her that if that was the case, they should have done something to ensure they didn't lose reservations, which apparently never occurred to her.   There was a long back and forth that consisted of her not apologizing and doing nothing to accommodate us, even though the fault was completely the restaurant's and not ours. She eventually offered to seat us at the window, which was not acceptable as it was a birthday dinner. When we objected, she informed us that a reservation only guarantees a seat in the restaurant, not a seat at a table. Well since that was the case, I asked her why she didn't take one of her upcoming reservations and move them to the window and give us their table. She didn't respond. The three of us ended up sitting at a table for two, with two of us sitting on the bench. Needless to say, the table adjacent to us was not happy with this arrangement.   The restaurant did not comp us anything in an attempt to right their wrong, and they didn't even apologize. I can appreciate that it's a new trendy restaurant and they can afford to piss of customers and still be full all the time. This attitude is apparent in their total lack of customer service at the front of the house.	 1
I really like Pigeonhole. It's a fun, charming place that serves up unique (to me at least) dishes that won't break the bank. You can eat a lot or a little, as the dishes are served in snack size portions.   The last time I visited, we tried some amazing vegetarian dishes. My favourite was a tomato tart and a deconstructed salad. This ain't your neighbourhood pub or favourite steakhouse. Go with girlfriends or with a group of people that enjoy imaginative food that is beautifully presented.   One day I'll check out their caviar and champagne special on Monday.	 0
This restaurant cannot be pigeonholed into any specific   genre of food.  The menu is unique and original with incredible flavours and textures.  I absolutely loved the food. Our waiter told us that we would need 10-12 plates to satisfy our group of four.  We thought at first that this was a bold up sell but it was the truth in the end.  As you can imagine this resulted in a hefty bill but in my opinion worth the spend. The wait staff worked as a seamless team.  At one point I joked with my friends that my plate (each plate is unique and mismatched) was not as nice as the others.  Before I knew it he was there with a replacement and mischievous look in his eye.  They did a tremendous job of anticipating all of our needs.    We tried a vast assortment of their small plates. My favorites were the broccoli, tartare, rabbit and bacon pate, fresh oysters and celery root.  For a larger plate we shared the braised short rib and finished with a cheese platter.  Basically you cannot go wrong.  Everything is amazing.    If they could reduce the price or make the portions just a little bit larger this would be perfection.	 0
When I booked for a table for two on Valentines, the online reservation system told me the only slot available was at 9:30pm. This was THREE WEEKS before Valentines. Still there's nothing more romantic than taking the #1 woman of your heart to Canada's (new) #1 restaurant. I don't think I've seen Pigeonhole's dining ambiance in Calgary before. I've never been to Europe much, but I read that someone thought this was reminiscent of Paris' night bistros. I definitely felt like a film extra on Paris J'Taime. We loved the decor and felt it was a place you went to celebrate with your significant other.  First I was thoroughly impressed with our service. The hostesses were welcoming and warm, the staff moved about like ninjas as they brought our dishes and moved our plates, and our server who was well versed with the menu and provided the most intelligent and thorough breakdown of the experience each dish and cocktail on the menu.Even though their presence wasn't made, kudos should also be given to management.  The food at Pigeonhole is memorable and deserving of the praise it's received. I don't know where to begin because to say each dish was my favorite makes me feel like a lazy parent refusing to pick a favourite child. Thank god I don't have children.  The ricotta dumplings inspire obsession within every gastronome, I can still recall the wow factor every bite this dish had, the pillow-y rich dumpling with the slight savory earthiness of spinach, tied together with a ragu I'd sacrifice my left arm for.  The nori crumpets were tasty, but what was interesting about the dish was the shrimp butter. The rabbit and bacon pate on bread and octopus and marguez sausage stew were stellar. The pate was meaty and subtle in flavour, enhanced by the toasted bread and fresh garden greens. The octopus stew was tender and every chew yielded so much umami goodness, which included the wonderful spice that leaked out from the north african merguez sausage.  Finally the burnt cabbage, which I suspect could be an item most diners gloss over because they think "how the fuck is cabbage fancy" But any diner who has seen their fare share of artsy food shows know know all about burnt cabbage and the smoky sweet experience it brings. Seems easy but it's a hard dish to cook in I.M.H.O and Pigeonhole executes a sweet and complex smoky cabbage that's wonderfully spiked with aged cheddar.  The cocktail menu is small, after all Pigeonhole is a wine joint. We aren't big wine people, we dug into 3 of their great cocktails. Which were great and potent. Again credit to our waitress for suggesting the right libation at the right time. It all went so well with the food we ate.	 0
I have been here thrice in less than a year; each time I had the same server Ashley. Firstly, she's amazing...bar none. Attentive, caring, funny; had wine pairings down to a tee. Secondly, I have significant allergies and each time I arrived, both the wait staff and the kitchen were prepared to accommodate. The ambience is reminiscent of my favourite haunt in NYC, and while it is a titch loud, I always enjoy the background music and leave with a full belly. Fantastic.	 0
We really enjoy coming here and often come here for date nights. The food is amazing, the service is wonderful and the plates are also really pretty. For 2 people we usually order 6 dishes to share and our favourites include the charred cabbage, chicken liver mousse and the tuna.	 0
Awesome restaurant with a great atmosphere and even better food. Hands down the best thin crust pizzas in the city. Make sure to make a reso as they get busy quickly on weekends. Highly recommended! Did I say awesome rustic atmosphere? Yes and I'll say it again it's that nice!	 0
***so sad this place closed***  Pricey but worth it for a special occasion. The Few times I have done this I have simply allowed the chef to serve me his meal plan... it never fails. I plan to go back soon.	 0
I was at LDV last night, found out that they are open for the EuroCup matches!    Their food is amazing, their staff is great.  Revamping their beer menu a bit, but still a great selection.  Will definitely be back.    They are an amazing combination of bar and restaurant.  5 TV's for games (any sport) but still nice for a date.	 0
This is a great, old fashioned Italian restaurant run by a southern Italian that knows traditional dishes perfectly.  Reminds me of San Bartolomeo in Galdo...where my family is from.  Strongly reccomend the gnocchi and scampi dishes.  Specials are always on the money.  Wine list is overpriced...	 0
Best Italian food in Calgary, Alberta, Canada and the US, no easy feat!!! Would travel out of the US and have considered moving here just to eat Franco's culinary genius on a piato. You have not had gnocchi until you've had his and be forewarned you will never like gnocchi except his again! His sauces are divine whether a simple tomato basil, or one of his creamy concoctions say over veal. As for his wife's chocolate cake, just order it and you'll understand perfection. The chef/owner Franco trained extensively throughout Italy in every region and his cooking skills show true Italian cuisine at it's most elegant. I cannot shower enough accolades on this gifted man and what I wouldn't give to be able to cook at this utmost of levels, let alone have a restaurant of this caliber in Chicago, although a size 2-4 would no longer be tenable if either wish came true. If you're in the mood for adventure have his special menu of the day. Of course his menu is both vegetarian and carnivore friendly, but trust me you cannot get to dinner here fast enough to this rare hidden gem and it's a lot cheaper than touring Italy in search of this finest of Italian cuisine. Even Spiaggia and Alinea with an additional decimal place, pales in the comparison! Franco only uses the finest and freshest of ingredients and be forewarned upon going here, the food is truly love at first bite, and could form a serious addiction for those with a delineating and high maintenance palate, who have yet to be satiated until now!	 0
If you like disrespect and moody staff that hate their job .. That would be the place to be ., also creepy old man hitting on younger girls ., again that's the place to be!  Owners have no business sense no respect ., no professionalism  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone	 1
We must have gone on an "off" day... There was no heat. Our server was super unenthusiastic and despite it being almost empty, the service was pretty slow. No one there knew how to change the channel on the TV for football (all the customers there were watching football) so the games that people wanted to watch were not on, and the volume was only turned up on a game no one was interested in.  The food was decent.  They don't take debit as a form of payment, so you have to use their expensive ATM or credit card. A bit of an inconvenience.	 1
Cougar Bar! Went with friends and were at least 20 years younger than any other patrons.  Creepy old men everywhere and the service was meh.  I'm interested in going during daylight hours and trying the food. I'm scared I will leave in mom jeans and with a leather bomber jacket.	 1
The Trop is my favourite neighbourhood pub in the city. OK fine, I also happen to live nearby... but regardless of my neighbourly bias, I think these guys have figured it out.  No matter the night of the week, you can walk into The Trop for anything from a casual dinner, to a swifty or even a night out dancing. The menu has a wide variety of options - as Conlan S. mentioned - the waffle poutine is to die for! If you're looking for something a bit healthier, the lettuce wraps are also amazing. They even do gluten-free pizza crusts.   The Trop has figured it out so well, that Friday and Saturday often have a line up! Every weekend, you'll find a lively band entertaining the diverse crowd (seriously, the crowd will range between 18-75 years old on any given night), the dance floor packed and friendly servers trying to keep up.   Looking for a summer patio? The Trop is also fantastic on warm summer evenings. Although they have a north facing patio, it is a great place for an early afternoon pint before the sun gets too low.   My favourite night at The Trop? Definitely Wednesdays, for a wide variety of wing flavours and a glass of wine.   Overall...   Good food? Check Great bands? Check Diverse customer base? Check TVs showing sports? Check Daily specials? Check Comfortable seats? Check  My only suggestion for improvement? Stock more ciders for us non-beer drinkers out there!  -- L	 0
Waffle Poutine is a must try! And you have to add the pulled pork and ranch.   The Trop has become a gem since they spruced the place up. They have a good sized patio (although it doesn't really get afternoon sun) and the servers are always fun.  I have been here numerous times and have not been disappointed. On the weekends, they have rotating bands. The best of which was a Beatles Cover band. AMAZING!  The bands they have attract an older crowd which is nice. There are still a ton of people dancing and singing, but none of the teenage BS.   The Trop is a great place to go if you want to have good food and drinks!	 0
This is my second review of The Trop, but highly necessary.  The Trop, where to start. It's the local dive bar that has been dramatically cleaned up and the clientele is an absolute gem!  The Trop is by-far the best bar in Marda Loop, and it just barely qualifies for being in the neighbourhood.  Closer to Mount Royal than anywhere else, it sits on 14th street at 34th ave SW, only a $5 cab ride from 17th Ave, and worth every cent.  They have a daily special ranging from wings nights to half priced wine and even Jäger is on special on Sarurdays... Which is unheard of.  Friday and Saturday is always live music and it's always packed and often with a lineup so don't forget to come early. The bands are amazing, mostly playing 70's through 90's cover songs with a great space for dancing!  The clientele is generally 30+, with a great group of 40+ that are out to drink, sing, and dance to their favourite songs. Everyone is incredibly friendly, all the way from the local sitting at the bar to the bar owner Brad, who is always around and checking to see that your night is turning out just perfect!  This bar is an absolute must-visit and remember to bring friends as you are always in for a treat!  Finally, this bar was extremely kind to us in June after the floods. The management treated our entire group of "floodees" to drinks and were incredibly hospitable.   6 stars to this bar!	 0
I ordered take out from here one night and after looking at their lovely menu I decided on the burger and caesar salad. It came to $15 once I added cheese and the tax. A little pricey but the description on the menu sold me.  I walked into a surprisingly nice modern pub. Not at all what you'd expect from the outside. Very nice decor. Small but lots of seating.  I was not told on the phone when I ordered that they only take cash or credit. Luckily I had my credit card but was a little annoyed I wasn't warned about this.   The salad was possibly the worst Caesar salad I've ever had. Literally just lettuce, fake bacon bits and runny dressing that most likely was just Kraft dressing.  The burger was a decent size and came with all the fixings. It left a burnt charboiled taste in my mouth and definately did not match the mouthwatering description in their menu.  All I was looking for was a good pub burger and Caesar salad. This place is overpriced for subpar food.	 1
Excellent gastropub (or gastro-diner?). It isn't your grandparent's diner for sure. It's all gourmet here.  The wait is considerable on the weekend but they were nice enough to let me do "to-go" while taking the food outside and eating out on the table.  The two eggs (4/5) - beautifully cooked and filling as you would expect.  Bison chili (5/5) - very flavorful and filling  Lamb Pastrami sandwich (5/5) - super flavorful and very large portion. Delicious fries!	 0
The blue star is an exceptional place. I went with my partner and we both loved our food.   I ordered an old fashioned to drink, which was delicious and she got a glass of the Malbec-- also yummy. For dinner, I got the bison burger and regular fries which was honestly one of the best burgers I've ever had. She got the vegan scramble and she said it was "oh my god. The curry sauce was the best curry I've ever had. And all the veggies in it were so unique. I would never picture sun-dried tomatoes with curry. It was so good". For dessert we had the peaches and cream. Honestly, one of the simplest and best desserts we've ever had.   We would like to describe this establishment with 3 words:  - divine: we felt like the food was such a treat. We felt like we were spoiling ourselves.  - pure: the blue star diner partners with meal share, they are cognizant of people's diets, and they honestly care about their food.  - good: the people who made our food and waited on us were so kind and funny and nice. So glad to have stopped by here on our trip.   Love,  Sam & Chelsea	 0
I knew this was a 5 star place after two bites of my unforgettably delicious lamb burger. Even just thinking about this makes my mouth salivate!  My boyfriend and I were in Calgary for the Victoria   Day long weekend. We were looking for a brunch place. Most restaurants were closed for the holiday Monday. Luckily, this place was open.  There was a long lineup to get into this place. They gave us an estimated 30-45 minute wait time but we only ended up only waiting 20 minutes. By the time we were seated we decided to order lunch instead of breakfast.  I chose the lamb burger. I love lamb and I love burgers so this was an easy decision to make. This burger looks unassuming BUT the TASTE! OMG! I inhaled this burger. I'm not even sure if I breathed at all. Every bite was jam packed with flavor. There was no weird gamey taste. The meat was cooked perfectly - tender and extremely juicy. There was also some tasty feta and tzatziki in there. YUMMY!!  The side of fries was also quite tasty. Thinly cut, crispy and cooked perfectly. My boyfriend asked for a side of sweet pepper aioli to dip the fries in. I'm so glad he asked. This took my meal to another level of awesome.   Try this place out! The food here is delicious! Next time I'm in Calgary I'll come back here for sure!	 0
Great recommendation! We tried the triple double, the ham and tomato benny and the two eggs. Service was excellent and the vibe was very relaxed and comfortable. Two thumbs up!	 0
Breakfast of champs every time!  This is definitely one of my favourite breakfast locations in Calgary. Recommend getting there about an hour before you get hungry if you plan on eating past 10am, because lineups are at least 30-40min long and that will leave you enough time to order before you turn into a hungry monster. If you are happy to sit on the bar, those seats tend to open up a little faster than the tables. They serve coffee at the door while you wait which is a lovely touch. In summer you can sit outside enjoying your coffee while you wait in the sunshine.  Staff here are always friendly and never make you feel rushed which is a nice change for a busy breakfast location. Every time we come I try have a different item off the menu.  Girl friend tried the hot cereal which was delicious. Had it with warm berry compote and added hemp hearts for $2. Great size portion and very filling. She only got through half before being full so the rest of us helped her finish it off - it was that good.  Her boy had the Triple Double which was a mountain of food. Bacon was crisp, sausages tasty, eggs cooked just right.  The boy had pulled pork hash with poached eggs. Pork was soft and tender but not mushy. Great flavour to the pork. He is not a fan of onions and wasn't a problem to have them left out.  I tried one of their breakfast specials. 2x Poached eggs with salmon on top of potatoes rosti, cucumber salad on the side. The cucumbers had a tasty light dressing on them and added a crisp bite to the rest of the dish. loved the rosti and the salmon was a good size portion. Was super fill and the last couple of bites went to the table.  Have also been for lunch and tried the burgers - which you can still order at breakfast time. All of them are a taste sensation. Even tried one of the veggie burgers (cant remember which one) and loved the patti they used.  Happy to eat at this gem any time of day.	 0
Amazing!. One of the best breakfast spots in the city! Eggs Benny is to die for! Love the decor in the restaurant and the service is always amazing!	 0
Breakfast in Calgary continues to impress me, this small but refreshing joint being the latest addition to the 'must go', 'holy crap that was incredible' spots to eat away a late night induced headache.  Everything is done right: friendly and attentive staff, relaxing decor and well organized seating space with bar area, a menu that takes chances while keeping staples in reach for those who want to keep it simple, and my god the coffee was fantastic.  The pulled pork chipotle with poached eggs jumped out at me, odd because I never get something like this for breakfast.  It did not disappoint, was one of the tastiest and flavorful dishes I have had for breakfast in years.  The poached eggs sit on top of a mountain of pulled pork, yams, and peppers which are stewing in the chipotle flavored sauce in the bowl - guarding the sides of the bowl are two pieces of delicious cornbread which I imagine were freshly made.  I enjoyed this treat with a 'mall rat', which is an adult (vodka) creamsicle like drink that could be dangerous if I came on a Saturday morning (feel like I could have 10 of these).  Also got an omelette which was packed with meat and veggies, and a side pancake that despite not requesting came with blueberries and banana (sweet!).  Yea and as for the coffee, waiter said they don't bother with espresso or other drinks, just focused on getting great coffee - mission accomplished.  I enjoyed my takeaway at home while in a lovely food coma.	 0
Small, but bright little spot for brunch! The wait is quite short compared to other brunch spots, and I love that it's brightly lit with a lot of natural light.   Tried something new this time & the stuffed french toast was AMAHZINGG =) I love their chunky hash browns too. They always have locally produced jams & spreads, so if you have some sort of toast make sure you try them!	 0
Awesome casual Saturday evening dining. I had the lamb tacos and would recommend them. Everyone else had the burgers and enjoyed them. Would definitely go back again.	 0
The attention to detail on all fronts is exceptional... Excellent service, food, coffee, cleanliness, ambiance, and overall experience. The first restaurant that inspired me to write a review in years!	 0
Went here with my aunt and everything is delicious and well priced. I got the banana blueberry pancakes with some fruit and jasmine green tea cuz I still had a cold. Warmed me right up, everything tastes great and our server was super friendly too.  Even for a Tuesday it was pretty busy but very nice little place in bridgeland for breakfast.	 0
The diner is adorable inside. The staff is BEYOND friendly and competent. Our food came out in a timely manner and we had a great lunch!!!   We ordered the bison chilli grilled cheese and the bison burger and they were both delicious! Will be back :)!	 0
I recently ordered a cake and 16 cannolis for a party. Everyone raved about both desserts. The cake looked simple but the quality was outstanding. Rich chocolate cake with mascarpone whip cream and skor bits. Way way better than Glamorgan and about the same price too! The cannoli is seriously the best - my guests were taking second and third servings because that's how good it was. I highly recommend Sauce for all my future dessert orders.	 0
Love the deli & coffee bar! I often go here for breakfast/lunch and a coffee while I work. Staff is awesome, coffee is excellent & sandwiches are fantastic too.	 0
Best pasta in Calgary. Best service. Best dessert. I swear to god I love this place. They are so friendly and professional and they make food an experience. They pride themselves on being affordable too!! $10 lunch pasta!!! Come on!!!!	 0
I went to Sauce with my family for $10 Pasta Night.  My husband ordered Chicken Parmesan ,I had the Linguini Boscaiola "Mushroom Lover, my son had the Lasagna and my daughter ordered the Spaghetti and Meatballs from the kids menu.   The chicken Parmesan was mediocre, lacking sauce on the pasta and the pasta was very bland. Sauce seemed to have some spice to it but the flavour wasn't great.  My dish was very disappointing, first of all the pasta is tasteless, the mushroom had no flavour at all. I could not taste Parmesan, truffle oil or the garlic was.  The only flavour was a mild olive oil. I spoke to the server that I thought it was bland. He asked if I would like more sauce, I said yes. When he returned the dish now had arugula on top(it didn't come with it before) I could definitely smell the truffle oil.  Yet after tasting, it just tastes oily. I added salt which helped a bit, gave it a chance but couldn't finish. The best part was the arugula they added after I sent it back.  My son enjoyed his lasagna, the sauce was the only sauce in all our dishes that had some flavour, although the portion was quite small.  My daughter ate some of the spaghetti, the sauce had a spiciness to it, which isn't the best for young kids. The meal came with half a large meatball.  Overall a disappointing supper, we will not return.   They are almost there with the menu,  I would suggest salting the pasta and revamping the sauces. If you are going to have simple dishes those two ingredients should be amazing. The waiter was nice and efficient, food was definitely the bad in this experience.	 1
Girls on the coffee and deli area super slooow they don't even acknowledge that's something! Do you wanna really wait until someone take a note of you or just leave? Yes, leave	 1
My girlfriend had lunch here and we were very impressed. The service was wonderful, the atmosphere was great and the food was AMAZING. The pasta was cooked to perfection and the burger was one of the best I've ever had. Everything was drenched in garlic and truffle oil and all made from scratch. Also amazing soup. The best part though was that the prices were a fair bit lower than we would have expected for a restaurant of this quality. It's definitely going to be our new date spot and it's right around the corner :D	 0
We loved this place! A ton of beers on tap with a fantastic bartender. Bret asked us what kind of beers we liked, gave us samples then and switched it up all night. We drank several different beers we wouldn't have normally tried and they were delicious. The wings were great; meaty with tasty sauce.  Later, the manager, Ryan, came over chatted us up and gave us some tourist information. Super friendly. Great place!!!	 0
I've been hopping into Toad N Turtle for years now. See what I did there? Okay, I'm done with the puns, maybe.   Toad has amazing, AMAZING, daily specials. Like 2 for 1 appetizers on Sundays or Wing Night Wednesdays. Which is hands-down the best wings in the city. On Wednesdays is when I normally go, and be forewarned that it can/does get super busy. However, no matter how busy they are the staff is always so pleasant and helpful.   There are 23 regular flavours of chicken wings and a weekly flavour too! I think I've tried all of them over the past years, okay months, and my favourite is medium-ranch and dill-pickle. The wings are gigantic, one basket is very filling but it's on wing night, one basket is not an option! Wings are $4.00 a basket and you are required to buy a drink.  The Toad has a bunch of fun cocktails and tons of beers and ales too. I love the Bullfrogs, it's essentially two drinks in one. A frozen margarita with a bottle of Corona in it. So delish, I highly recommend it. It is the perfect drink for the perfect diet cheat day.   I'm not really a pub person, but I really enjoy the Toad. It is decorated in an English theme. I love the red phone booth and the mini knight at the front of the pub. They even have soccer matches on during the soccer season too. They also have food specials on game night, for the Canadian hockey fans too!  I just found out about their Toadly Hungover Breakfast Special, note to self: after my next bender, we have a place to recover.    I really like how responsible the owners of TNT are. I noticed a sign in the bathroom that said, "complimentary mocktails will be offered to expecting mothers and designated drivers." And there is signage throughout the pub for safe travels home via Plan B (a DD service) and even discounted pricing for nearby hotels, if you can't commute home.	 0
Love this place, I have been going for 12 years since I was old enough to go.  I would recommend this for anyone up for some random pub food or a patio beer!	 0
This was the worse food ever the appetizer was cold, should of been hot.could not chew the meat.  We did inform the server, but she did not have a good understanding of english.  We did get a small discount, but really, we should of not paid.  We left most of the food. Terrible food.	 1
The wings are perfect sized and so cheap! We go here for date nights quite a bit. Sometimes they have live bands which have always played great music. Very talented people, awesome service, great wings.	 0
Usually the food and service is much better but tonight it was pretty lack luster. The pizza wasn't that hot and seemed slightly over cooked and our server really needs to know what providing exceptional service is.....it seemed tonight that she couldn't give two shits that she was working. Not sure if I'll return based on this visit. Major improvement needed here.	 1
Been coming here for a while now , an the wings are great on Wednesday evening . An the staff is very attentive . An music just loud enough that you can hear who you with talk . An their Sunday meals are excellent	 0
What an awesome deck. The food was really good and service was fast. Very pleasant staff and a great place for lunch. One had brisket the other turkey wrap with home made potato salad. DELICIOUS....can't go wrong here.	 0
My friend and I went here for dinner very recently, having just moved to Calgary I decided to treat myself to a potentially good dinner and great view. I had heard only good things about the restaurant thus far. The reservation process was easy and when we arrived we felt welcome. Our table took an extra 10 min to be ready but that wasn't a big deal.  First impression was good, however walking into the restaurant it is very clear it is in desperate need of an upgrade and renovations. We were seated at a booth that had about 3 rips in it, I looked around and realized ours wasn't the only one. Anyways our view was spectacular so that made up for it. The menu is pretty boring and over priced. With the average price of entrees being $35 to $45, the portion sizes were good however severely lacking in seasoning of any kind. It's always a bad sign when you have to ask for salt. The service was mediocre at best. The server did not introduce himself, there was no guest connection attempted. There were no recommendations or even an effort to find out if it was our first time there. He also never checked in on how we liked our food even once. As a restaurant manager myself I maybe a bit more critical of service but in my opinion good and attentive service can make all the difference to a dining experience even if the food isn't great. We actually wanted dessert but decided not to spend anymore money on a lack lustre dinner. All in all if we could get our $175 back we would take it and go somewhere else where we would probably spend that and more.  For people visiting I'd recommend spending the $18 to get to the observation deck as the views are gorgeous but when you are done go back down and dine somewhere else.	 1
Sky 360 holds the monopoly on the "restaurant at the top of a tower with a crazy great view of the city", and without any competition, it's not a surprise that it's really gone downhill over the last several years.   The décor in the restaurant is passé, which is not a big deal - but is it too much to ask that at least it is well maintained? The wood paneling along the sides of the rotating section is literally falling apart, with a few spots shoddily patched up with - I kid you not - duct tape applied willy nilly.   The menu is overpriced and unoriginal, which considering it's literally at the top of a tower, can definitely be excused if the quality was at least decent. I've visited several times over the last 5 years and I've never had a "wow, this is bad" experience until last weekend.   I visited for lunch, and I went for something simple and ordered a burger. It was $24, and was served with a soup. The tomato soup that it came with can hardly be called that - it had the slurry-like consistency of a warmed up V8 drink, and was so acidic it literally burned my mouth and made me pucker my lips just thinking about it. The burger itself was served watery - the meat was dry on the inside and watery on the outside. Instead of a decent bun, the burger was served on a bun that looked it came from a discount bin at a supermarket. It wasn't seasoned, and there wasn't much flavor to the burger - the only saving grace was the cheese mushroom melted on the patty.   My friend and both ordered burgers, which is such a simple item to prepare. The restaurant was pretty empty but it still was a solid 35 minute wait.   If I had the option to go elsewhere for a roof-top view, I would, but because this is the only place, everytime I have a visitor from out of town I will probably find myself paying too much for something that doesn't taste great.   At least there's a view, right?	 1
My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary. We chose sky 360 because we expected a fine dining experience. We arrived 10 minutes before our reservation and were abruptly told to go back up to the observation area and come back in 10 minutes. We were a little put off by that. I've arrived to reservations earlier than 10 minutes during busy times and was accommodated: that's what good customer service is. We went back up to the observation area and assumed they were very busy and couldn't take us 10 minutes early. When we came back down 10 minutes later the hostess was nowhere to be seen. Finally she came back and brought us to our table...the place was empty. I would say it was a 1/4 full, so it was confusing as to why we were told to go away for 10 minutes. Our waitress was incredibly mediocre, and barely came around to our table. We were hoping the food was going to be amazing seeing as the prices were so high. Unfortunately the food was also incredibly mediocre; if I am paying almost $40 for a pasta dish I expect it to blow my mind. It was a disappointing experience all around, and we could of had better food, atmosphere, and service at The Keg.	 1
The ambiance, the phenomenal food, the great view of the city and the wonderful staff makes this place an amazing place for a great meal.   While visiting Calgary, my friends took me here and it was the best meal I had the whole trip. The meat was perfectly cooked and the garlic mashed potatoes were to die for, and I don't even like mashed potatoes much. I didn't care for the cabbage but my two friends loved it so that's just a personal preference. Everything was a little pricey, but that is to be expected at a place like that. It was definitely worth every penny.   It was a really cool way to see the city, and we went early evening so when we started the sun was up and when we ended, the sun was down and it really added to the ambiance.   Our server was very friendly and very knowledgeable and gave me an excellent wine pairing with my dish. She was present without being overbearing.   Ultimately, this is a great place to bring someone on an anniversary, though I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to see the city and have a great meal.	 0
Went with a group of 5, each of us had a different entree and all had a great meal! We were enjoying our drinks and the view and hadn't really noticed the time that had passed. At some point it crossed my mind that maybe we'd been waiting awhile for our meal, but it wasn't anything unusual and no one had even commented on it. The manager approached us and apologized for the wait on our meals and offered to cover the cost of all our drinks (around $70 worth). The fact that he considered that before any of us really noticed, or had to say anything...fantastic!! We had a great experience and would recommend to anyone! Great food, view and service!!	 0
Loved it! Seriously , a moving floor couple hundred feet up looking out at the whole city while you eat a fancy meal. I had the rabbit dish and loved it. Wife had chicken as always. Food was decent , I've had better, but was expecting it to be a lot pricier due to location and the prestige of it.   Im a poor folk and quite enjoyed it. First time eating a bunny. Never will forget that experience of slowly revolving around the city. Amazing. And great service. The manager even came by to ensure all was good.   A++ service. Not snotty either.	 0
Not rude but certainly not friendly service. Had to look around for coffee refills more than once. Manager dismissed my comment that food took a long time. Bottled ketchup an uninspired accompaniment to potatoes for $26. One of my poached eggs was missing a yolk.  All in all nothing special and rather expensive for that experience.	 1
Plainly and simply one of the worst meals I've ever had in this city. We went to celebrate my daughters birthday for lunch and we took one of her friends and were subject to one the worst displays of culinary idiocy ever. The food is overpriced, underwhelming, badly cooked, delivered without any care for the obvious flaws that exist. Fish in batter soggy, pork tacos with burnt (and I mean past over caramelized but cremated) burger with a bun that had sat under the heat lamps for way too long. Seriously disgusting, this place relies on the fact that tourists visit and will likely never return. Trust me this is a Calgarian who will not take visitors there nor celebrate a special event there again.	 1
I recently took relatives from out of town to Sky360 as my parents thought it would be a good idea to show them something "unique" to Calgary.  I have previously been once before when I was fairly young for brunch, and did not remember much of it.   Prior to going, I generally have not heard favorable things about the quality of food/service at Sky360 from colleagues and friends. Let's just say that this "sterling" reputation was solidly upheld.     SERVICE Our waiter, Zul, was at first fairly pleasant to deal with, but it was evident he knew he didn't have to work for his tips when he questioned my relative's choice of ordering her steak Rare. But this guy didn't just question it, he reacted with "WHAT RARE???" as if ordering steak rare is a crime or something.  I guess this is what happens when you have guaranteed Gratuity at 18% for groups of 8 or more - you really don't have to put your back into it.   The real fun part of my meal was when the food came. I, have also ordered a steak sandwich (a $30 dollar steak sandwich....), ordered to rare, came out cold and well done.  When I communciated this to my boy Zul (I feel like we have that kind of relationship now after he lambasted my relative for ordering something he didn't like), this is the conversation that went on:   "Me: Excuse me, Zul, I am planning on eating the rest of this as I have to go soon and don't want to wait for another meal.  But I thought I should let you know that this steak that I ordered is well done and it's cold.   Zul: (grabs my plate as my cutlery is still on it) let me heat it up for you.   Me: It's fine, you can put it back down.   Zul: (puts my plate down) Did you want me to get you a new steak then? *in a tone of voice like it's my fault*.   Me: No it's really fine, again I am at a bit of a time crunch."  Feel free to call me overly demanding, but as a paying customer to a  "fine-dining" establishment, especially an establishment that advertises "unforgettable food, an award winning wine list and a contemporary design all come together to make this unique dining destination a step above the rest." on their website, I expect their wait staff to be a bit more polite and professional.    The best part of this dining experience comes not 30 seconds after my exchange with Zul, when my brother in law finds a hair in his coleslaw that came with his fish and chips.  The manager that we called over (I'm looking at you, sir with a purple dress shirt and glasses), promptly denied seeing the hair in the food.  However, out of the goodness of his heart he agreed he will take the food back.  He did somewhat redeem himself in his role as a restaurant manager by removing the item off our bill.    FOOD The restaurant advertises the following on their website:   "With the purchase of an entrée, Sky 360 Restaurant takes care of your elevation fee and entitles you access to the Calgary Tower Observation Deck one floor above us."  This generosity on their front is really a creative ploy by management to make up this difference in their profit margins.  These are some of the more memorable prices on their menu:  -$18 dollars for two crab cakes probably twice the size of a POG (remember those from the 90's?).   -$29 dollars for a 6 oz Steak Sandwich, which they advertise as the Striploin steak. It's a piece of steak with toast underneath. It smells and looks like a steak sandwich to me.   -$24 dollars for Fish and Chips.   I think I've said my piece on the quality of the food as part of my anecdote of the service received, so I'll let you, the reader, decide whether the food was good or not.   OVERALL I think for spending north of $400 for a party of 8, this restaurant should be ashamed of the quality of food and service they put out.  I get that it's a tourist attraction and they will always have people going to it, but to charge the kind of prices and have a wait staff that talk to customers the way I experienced is more than laughable and an embarrassment to the Calgary restaurant industry.  One time incident or not.    Specifically, I think this goes to show the amount of entitlement the waiter has when he knows no matter what happens, his gratuity is guaranteed.  While I will give him the benefit of the doubt on trying to rectify my cold steak situation, to question any order the customer have is unacceptable in one's role in the service industry.  Coming from a professional services backgorund, choice of words is very crucial to how to communicate with clients/customers.  This particular waiter can really use some coaching in how to communicate with people.   Ultimately, this dining experience really highlights the lack of ownership and passion the Sky360 team has on putting out a quality restaurant.  It seems to me the two particular folks would much rather work somewhere else than Sky360 judging by the way they communicated to us.    Unless they do a complete overhaul, I will not recommend this to anyone.	 1
I had gone in to specifically try the new summer menu from Chef Schafer. Let's start with the atmostphere.  Sky360, literally the tallest restaurant in the city being 510 feet above the ground, is easily one of the best views of pretty much the entire city. As a breathtaking view, or just a panoramic vantage point, it's easily one of the best places in town for a different perspective on things.  Colin, my server, was quite attentive, despite my inability to choose between the 2 recommended dishes. Seeing a smudge on my knife, he immediately dispatched it and went to grab another. He was charming, informative and friendly.  As for the food, Chef Schafer did not disappoint. The experimental black sesame crusted halibut cheek was well balanced by the sweet mixed fruit salad that accompanied it. The Veal tenderloin was exactly that... tender. Served on a bed of enoki mushrooms and a side of goat cheese and potato perogies, it was by far an excellent dish to savour while enjoy the sights as the restaurant slowly spun. And the chocolate torte with the crushed honeycomb was the perfect end to the meal. Not too sweet, yet accentuated by the honeycomb, it was a joy to slowly devour again to the beautiful scenery.  Excellent meal all around.	 0
You go to Sky 360 for the view and it includes the elevation charge.  I think for meat eaters, the food is decent.  However, I got the vegetarian pasta and there were no vegetables.  Just pasta and cream.  It was terrible.	 1
Food was delicious, we got to go around the entire tower 1.5 times while we were there, great way to see the city!	 0
We would give them 10 stars but this is only out of 5. Max was an awesome server perfectly professional. Dolmades served warm and homemade absolutely delicious.  Wine half price  even better. Moussaka huge portion but best bechemal  sauce I've ever had. Lamb skewer cooked perfect with roasted red pepper side. Make reservations it's small in there but worth every penny.	 0
Since we frequent this establishment quite a bit, it has to be one of our favorite restaurants in Calgary. The food is consistently good and the service is excellent. We've never experienced a bad meal from this restaurant. The lunch menu offers some great deals, and the dinner menu has some great selections. My favorite is a toss-up between the Ionian seafood plate and the moussaka. The saganaki is worth experiencing too.	 0
Amazing! I had the lamb pita for lunch yesterday! My plate looked like it was out of a magazine! And tasted better than it looked! I'll be going back!	 0
The atmosphere here is so awesome! We went for my cousin and sister's birthday and they were so amazing to us. We just ordered starters and some entrees to share among the group. Our waiter, Gene, was great and brought us extra pitas when we ran out, not once but twice! He also put up with our other crazy demands with a smile on his face.   We weren't a huge fan of the Saganaki which is a cheese that is flambéd. It is great to see the huge flames but the cheese is rather heavy in the stomach. The lobster ravioli was delicious although I wish that it was a little warmer.   I will be coming back here for sure to try out more of the menu.	 0
Food and service were both so good. The bottle of wine was too small, but the food portions were very generous. :-) will definitely be going back. We had a "platter for 2" (Sunday special)	 0
I visit this restaurant whenever I can when in Calgary, which has been fairly frequent, as it is my favorite in Calgary.  I highly recommend the Salmon Exohiko, however the Lamb Shank, Greek Baby Back Ribs, and Moussaka are also excellent as well.	 0
Very enjoyable! My wife and I have a lovely time last night, the food was exactly what I was hoping for. Service was pleasant and decor is nice enough.	 0
My all time favourite restaurant. You can go classy or casual. Great place for any occasion!  Nothing on the menu is less than delicious - but if you're picky they're very good for being able to substitute, add or remove anything from your main dish.  Ask to smash a plate if it's a special occasion, and enjoy everyone in the restaurant joining you in a loud "Opa!"  Make sure to call ahead and make a reservation, as it gets very busy!	 0
Service was fantastic and our server made sure that everything was great for us. The calamari was not that great but the chicken souvlaki and the rack of lamb was amazing! The main course was worth the wait. I seldom eat lamb because of the smell but their lamb had no smell at all! We had the baklava cheesecake for dessert and it was equally amazing. Ambiance was also perfect. I would definitely go back to this place!	 0
If you like Thai food, you like this place. The decor is kind of authentic, the food is excellent. I had the green curry and all the veggis in there were super fresh. Very pleasant service.	 0
I went there for lunch with 8 other people.  Getting a reservation was not a problem.  Their Wednesday lunch buffet for $12.99 has gone downhill.  On the menu was just regular rice (not even coconut rice), chicken wings, chicken stir fry, beef stir fry, pork stir fry and seafood & veggie stir fry...... uh... No pad thai?  No dessert?  The selection was not worth the $12.99.  To top it all off, at the end of the meal the server comes and asks if we wanted separate bills.  We asked for separate bills, then she says the gratuity would be tacked on automatically if we chose separate bills. Huh?  That's never happened before, where a restaurant tacks on a 15% gratuity if we ask for separate bills.  Let alone a buffet where we had to serve ourselves.  I wasn't happy and it will take quite a bit of persuasion to go back there.  P.S.  I had a really bad case of the upset stomach after eating there.  A few others did as well.	 1
Hands down, one of the worst restaurant experiences we have ever had. We had gone for dinner to celebrate my birthday. There were 6 adults and two children in our party. When we got there around 7 pm the place had a number of people there and while it was busy, it was not packed.  After we were seated, the server arrived to take our drink order. We gave our drink order and, at the same time, also ordered dinner, skipping appetizers, as it was quite late already for dinner. The server seemed quite put-out because we did not order appetizers.  After a wait of 20 minutes, a different served dropped off one small dish of Pad Thai at our table. We waited for a bit expecting the rest of our order, consisting of roughly 8 other dishes, along with coconut rice, would arrive shortly but it didn't. When I asked one of the servers where the rest of our order was, our server, who we learned later was the son of the owner, came over and told us it was coming and that we, a party of eight, should start eating the small Pad Thai dish!   We were incredulous. I asked him what the rationale of bringing one dish at a time to the table was, particularly, when many of the dishes are combined together for dinner? At this, he responded, "well, we have to take care of other tables too"! As if the fact that there were other customers in his restaurant was our fault for which we were to be penalized. This person's rude demeanor surprised all of us.   Shortly after that, the rest of the food arrived, but one of our dishes was missing. When I asked the server about it he told me in the same rude manner as before, that I had not ordered it. I pointed out to him that I had ordered two of each dish that was in our order and received two of each, except for the one dish I was speaking of. Of that dish there was only one. Instead of addressing the issue, he continued to argue that I had ordered only one, and in a manner which lead one of the members in my party to wonder, "is he on drugs?"  When I asked to speak with the manager about his belligerent and obnoxious behavior, the server walked away. I then approached another server and she informed me that the person serving us was the manager there. I then went back to our server and asked him to give me the name and phone number of the owner of the restaurant but he refused to do so! I then approached another employee of the restaurant. Her response to me was that I would have to deal with our server and that there was no one else who could help me! Persisting in my attempts to get the name and number of the owner of the restaurant, I approached yet another server. This person informed me that the person who was serving us, was in fact, the owner's son!   Lol. I couldn't believe it. Never in my dining  experience have I ever encountered such juvenile, uncivilized and uncouth behavior than I and my party did that night.  In the end, we all paid the bill and left wowing never to return and also committing to warn others to choose a better place to eat than this one with meager portions, substandard food and rude and obnoxious owners.	 1
If I could give this a no star I would! First off the dishes were such small portions, second the dishes had maybe a couple of pieces of meat in it so when you order a bunch of food, you'll probably get a single portion of meat in it! And last the service was just beyond rude. The waitress wasn't helpful in the food selection and she didn't even bother asking us if we needed the bill. She came by to ask if we were done and then walked away! Took us about ten minutes to get her attention so we can pay and leave. There's so many other places to go to for Thai food so don't even bother with this one. This isn't my first time here, when I went couple of years ago, it was such a great place but now quality of food and service has definitely gone down.	 1
I love Thai boat, they have the best spring rolls I've ever had any where. Beef yellow curry is delicious and pad see yu is amazing with coconut rice. It's the one place I never get disappointed in the service or food. The people there are so nice and they all work together so efficiently.   It's one of the few restaurants I've ever been to that all staff serve you and you're not stuck waiting for your server or trying to remember what they look like when you need something.	 0
It used to be very good many years ago, but now, the food and the service qualities are getting worse. I went there with my sister and my daughter, the coconut rice was salty, curry beef was very dry.   The worst part was, a waitress came to my 3-year-old daughter and asked her "Where is your daddy?" I was shocked, What kind of question was that? What's her problem?	 1
Got the red curry and pad Thai for take out. Not that good. Pad Thai was flavourless and didn't have good ingredients. Red curry didn't have a sweet coconut milk taste. Plenty spicy put not familiar tasting to other red curries I've had.	 1
Food: 2.5/5 Service: 3/5 Overall experience: 3/5  (1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)  I've had my fair share of Thai food in Calgary, and Thai Boat sadly disappoints. The food was just "okay" where a few of the dishes' flavours were too mild or bland. On the plus side, Thai Boat is fairly spacious, allowing large groups to come in and share various dishes family style.  My first visit to Thai Boat was with a group of about 10 people at 7pm on a weekend. Although the restaurant was full with other groups around us, the food came out surprisingly fast. Our server was patient and attended to us frequently, re-filling our water glasses. The decor is a little drab, with a Thai motif of bamboo/wood and mini-models of Thai temples scattered around. Nothing to get excited about.   I was able to try a bit of everything from their menu including appetizers, soups, salads, curries, stir fries, noodles, and rice. Curries were about $10 with your choice of beef, pork or chicken, and came in a decent size where 2-3 people can share (depending on how much you eat). They provided us with a plentiful amount of coconut rice, stored in a metal tin container like you would see at a Chinese restaurant. The rice was fluffy and had a delicious coconut aroma that paired nicely with the curries.   I ordered their Tom Yum soup which had a nice balance of sweet and sour flavours. It had 3-4 pieces of large succulent prawns, mushrooms, and other herbs. I happened to order mine extra spicy and they definitely did not hold back on the Thai chilies! Despite breaking a sweat, I enjoyed it!  For appetizers we tried their calamari which was heavily battered and oily (definitely do not get)!! We also tried their 'beef jerky' appetizer which was dried beef strips that still had a soft chew to it and was accompanied by a yummy sauce. For our main we ordered the Pad Thai which came in a very small portion (barely enough for 2 people). The noodles were overly sweet and gooey. I enjoyed their sweet and sour pork stir fry which had a well-balanced sweet and sour flavour with lots of onions, bell peppers, and sauteed meat.  We tried most of the curries on their menu including their Green Curry with Chicken and Red Curry with Duck. The curries consisted of a fair amount of onions, red and green bell peppers, and meat. Majority of the curries were very watery and only had a mild coconut taste with no spice. Although many people in our group didn't eat spicy food, I still expected the Thai curry to have some heat but would be mellowed out by the coconut milk. The meat within each curry dish was overcooked and tough to eat.   Overall, I wouldn't recommend Thai Boat for 'good' Thai food. The food was forgettable and the prices does not justify the portion and quality of some of their dishes.	 1
Got a falafel wrap from this place and boy was I pleasantly surprised. Well priced for the amount of wrap you get. My friends got a lamb/beef plate and they enjoyed it as well. The staff seems to be overworked but all three of them were super pleasant and patient with everyone. Thanks for a great quick meal.	 0
I started coming here a while ago.  I was so addicted to this place that I had to force myself to stay away.  It's been a few months since I've ate the chicken shawarma, and you know what?  It's still delicious as ever.  Nobody knows what good shawarma is until they come here. It's magic in my mouth and food for the soul.   This place will be a landmark in shawarma history.	 0
I really like this place! The shawarma wraps and platters are equally good. They offer chicken, lamb , beef and falafel. The meat is very flavourful and the other ingredients are fresh.   They also sell samosas and baklava if you're in the mood for some extras.  The guys behind the counter are efficient and pleasant. You can tell they try to do a great job putting together every customer's meal even when there is a crazy line.   I would recommend this spot if you're in the area and want a fast, tasty shawarma for lunch or dinner!	 0
There was a line-up to order, though the line moved fairly quickly.  Good shawarma place that offers large portions. I ordered the platter ($12.49) and it comes with pita on the side.  I was also able to ask for hot sauce on the side which was nice of them.  I received friendly service even though there was a line-up.	 0
I love this place! Amazing friendly staff and the food is crave worthy. Can't recommend it enough, but note they don't serve kebabs anymore.	 0
My partner and I came in for dinner around 6 PM after seeing all of the high ratings. The first thing we noticed was the size of the restaurant - it's tiny! We spent a bit of time deciding what to order, and as we did, the place filled up. It was packed by 6:30. We ordered at the counter and paid upfront. My partner ordered the Pad Thai ($10.50) and I ordered the saté beef noodle soup ($8.95). Our food arrived quite quickly - perhaps a little bit slower than the average Vietnamese restaurant - but to be fair, the place was packed. The beef saté was wonderful. Hardly any fat and the beef was incredibly tender and flavourful. The soup base was pleasant and super spicy. I would definitely order it again. My partner said the Pad Thai was about a 4/5 for taste. The portions were somewhat smaller than usual (though the saté beef soup was completely packed with noodles and broth - I'm not entirely convinced it would be physically possible to stuff more food into that small bowl), but they were also less expensive. The service was good and the man who served us was very pleasant. We will definitely be back soon to try the subs.	 0
Best Vermicelli in the Bowness/Montgomery area. I have been coming to this place for years.	 0
The best! I like their subs a lot. They have the best pork dumplings I've had in Calgary. The beef dumplings are up there too. Awesome soup (pho and wonton... Although I'm not usually the wonton type)   The owners are really friendly. Service is quick for the type of restaurant they are. Quite a bit of seating for a small place, too.	 0
So delicious here. I went twice in one week. I had the mix dumplings on both days and then BBQ chicken fried rice one day and a beef sate stir fry the other. It's just great food. Definitely not the grease I am used to at Asian restaurant. Friendly lady. Except the Chili hot sauce portions are very small. They also have a great selection of frozen already prepared dishes you can take with you. And it's all MSG free.	 0
Hands down the best vietnamese in the city. My boyfriend and I live just around the corner and order from here at least once a week. Everything we've had is delicious, but the grilled vermicelli bowl with beef is AMAZING. Also be sure to try the dumplings and the wonton soup! The owner is also super nice, which just adds to the whole experience. I would definitely recommend Five Spice!	 0
Our experience at the restaurant was deplorable.   We were seated promptly just after 5 PM. When we were ready to order, the exchange went something like this...  Us: We are ready to order.  Server: (requests us to hand over her the sushi menu to her, and takes it) Ok, what would you like? My wife: We need it back (in order for us to order. It's not like we memorized your menu).  Server: Ok, I'll be back in a minute.  Us: (DUMBFOUND, as we told her that we were ready to order).  *** Server takes order from the next table, and comes back. I was little upset at this point.  My wife: (asks) How we are able to order the items?  Server: OH, you wanted a marker? (Puts the marker on the table), "I'll be right back." -- for the second time!  Look, seriously? We said that we were ready to order. Our experience at this restaurant was one of the worst memory ever. We didn't care if their food was the best in the world.   Oh, and of the food? Right, that muscle fiber that is imposible to chew through in our two pieces of Toro.   Make your own judgement. I think there are many more options in Calgary that provide MUCH BETTER CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE than this place.	 1
This is the real deal!   I'm so tired of "Japanese" restaurants that aren't authentic. I'm from Vancouver so I know what I'm talking about. Whenever I come to Calgary, I make a point of coming here. The food here is second to none. The sushi is generous, fresh and creative. The noodle dishes are tasty all the way down to the carefully prepared soup. That's where the biggest difference is- it's the quality of the noodles and the soup. If you're looking for real Japanese tasting noodles soups, come here. If you're expecting the giant bowl of some package noodles with soup made with plain soy sauce, don't come here.	 0
Loved it! Everything was delicious and our server was lovely. The popcorn shrimp was perfectly cooked and delicious! The raman and kimchi was some of the best I've had. I will definitely return to this place. *Note* We called ahead and made a reservation which was a good thing because it was very busy when we arrived (Saturday around 7:30pm).	 0
Never been to a ramen restaurant in YYC before so when a friend raved about trying this place we had to check it out.   Parking is limited but there is a lot across Center Ave you can pay for.  Service was great,  our server was friendly and attentive.     I ordered the cranberry soda which was very delicious,  but a bit pricey at $4.   My husband had a sake box shot,  which is basically a small glass of sake in a small wooden box that gets over poured -  so you have the sake glass then drink the rest of the sake from the box.   Interesting,  and he seemed to enjoy it!   For food we had the assorted tempura as an appetizer,  the batter was light and crunchy and came with enough to share between four people fairly evenly.   Everyone told me I had to try the chili goma ramen -  I'm sure glad I did!   The pork and the peanut /sesame broth was to die for.   I loved everything about it,  and will definitely be going back again for more!	 0
Do not understand why it gets high ratings. I had the shio ramen and it had a huge heaping of seaweed that unbalanced the entire ramen and made it fishy and taste weird like a seaweed soup, not the delicate saltiness shio is known for. They also give you a mortar to crush sesame seeds. Sure it looks cool maybe, but that totally overpowers and overwhelms the broth. Don't understand why you would ruin the taste that way. The tempura was chopped in large chunks that made it hard and raw inside. Finally, the sashimi all had a fishy taste to it, which means it's not that fresh. We went on Friday which is when I assume most sushi restaurants would get their seafood delivery. At the end, we had diarrhea afterwards.  Overall regretted the wasted dollars and calories. Tasted like a run-of-the-mill Japanese restaurant, not a yelp top ten.	 1
Ramen soups were decorative but tasted very salty. We had to add whole cup of hot water to the bowls of soup. When we made comments, we were expecting to here "thank you for the suggestions we will take it into consideration." The cashier said, "All Asians said its salty but it's Canada right, we are not gonna change it." Well, I guess its first time and also last time here.	 1
This place never disappoints. I always order the chili Goma ramen with the pork toro. Broth is flavorful with just enough spice. Pork toro is tender and the fat is melt in your mouth good...probably the best part!	 0
I ordered the chili ramen, it was ok, wasnt anything special. It's ridiculous how they charge $5.00 for pork in the noodle. The chili ramen didnt have any meat in it. The soup base was too oily in my opinion. I had a stomache afterwards. Service wasn't friendly at all.	 1
Family was hungry and sushi hiro and zipang were closed for lunch so we decided to go to shikiji again. Thankfully, the devils spawn hostess named Jenna wasn't working.   We ordered two bentos, shio ramen and a sushi roll. Almost everything in the bentos was inedible. Tempura was fried in old oil, chicken and beef were very very tough to chew and was frankly inedible (I would place Edo Japan as a 10/10 compared to the meal we had) nigiri was sliced poorly, salad was meh. Need I say more? The sushi rolls had frozen fish inside the roll. Nice touch.   I didn't taste the ramen but my family said the noodles were overcooked and the broth tasted very different from before.   Highly suspect either the management or kitchen staff have changed.	 1
Great sushi and ramen! They also have great curry catsu	 0
Amazing shawarma, the staff regularly greet their regulars. They have a weird bread type skin with their pita that is amazing. Chicken tawouk cooked fresh with great marination and flavour.   I'm only here for the weekend but I'll definitely come back before i leave. The outer bread skin thing (my technical term) is so unique and yummy it really brings it together.	 0
My friend Riley told me about a really awesome Shawarma place on Barlow that I just HAD to try out. I wasn't super excited, as I thought I was not much of a Shawarma fan. I am always questioning what that hanging meat is, and a lot of Shawarma places aren't super clean. Well, on my friend's advice, I ordered a large Beef pita. Also on his advice, I got the pickled turnips ( which sounded odd........), and the sweet sauce, along with several other toppings. I ordered three falafels, which were made fresh for me in a matter of a few minutes. Without me even asking! The wrap was absolutely delicious. The meat is high quality and super tasty, and the ingredients are really fresh. The portions of meat and toppings are generous, too. The turnips are soooooo good! And the fresh falafels- amazing as well!! And yes, the place was very clean. Even the bathroom was clean.  The service was super friendly as well. This place will do well! I just wish it was closer to my house and my work! I can't wait to go back and try the chicken skewers! Awesome job Shawarma Barlow!	 0
Absolutely fantastic falafels, made fresh to order. The staff is also really friendly and even offered a free sample of falafel to the group behind us who had never tried it before. I would highly recommend this place. Easily one of the best falafel and shawarma places in town.	 0
Delicious. Arguably the best I have had in Calgary. Friendly, clean, and not too loud.	 0
This restaurant was recently bought over and is amazing. My experience has always been great here. Not only is their food excellent but their service exceeds anything else I have experienced. There was a mix up in my order and the owner came to my husband's auto shop where I was to drop off my fixed order. This is definitely a family owned business that deserves to be supported as they clearly put their heart and soul into their business	 0
Excellent Shawarma. Had a large and the veggies were crisp with great flavour on the chicken and sauces. The place is spotless and I love that the server washed his hands before making my order. I will have to try one of the platters next time as they look amazing, it looks like they fry the Falafels fresh to order, no microwaves yay! Seriously give these guys a try you won't be disappointed.	 0
Where's all my chicken lovers at? If you LOVE chicken then you'll absolutely will LOVE Nando's.  Located along 32nd Street close to Sunridge Nissan and just minutes away from Sunridge Mall, you can't miss it!   The reason why Nando's deserve 5 stars all around is because they have efficient service, great customer service, great parking, quality of food, and the plating is superb.  If you haven't been to Nando's then I'll break it down for you, if not feel free to skip this part and read the next paragraph below! Basically how Nando's work is that you'll get seated at a table with a number don't forget that number because you'll need it when ordering your food. Upon receiving their menu there's a lot of choices to choose from for chicken: double leg, skewers, 1/4 chicken, 1/2 chicken, and whole. Feeling like you want more for yourself? They do have entree size with suggestive servings per person. They also have a variety of sides with two sizes, normal or Nando's size for $3 more. The plating between the two size does make a difference fyi. Once you've chosen what you want and how "hot" you want your chicken just head to the front counter and tell the cashier what you want and your table number, then from there you can grab your drinks, sauces, and cutlery and wait back at your table.  Pro tip: just ask for water and you can choose to get pop instead since you fill it up on your own plus it's bottomless. Saving yourself from that $2.75!  My girlfriend, brother and I ordered three separated dishes. The wait time wasn't that long it came in a timely matter. The food was great! Chicken was juicy, marinated and grilled to perfection and the plating was astonishing. I ordered the classic combo which consists of a whole chicken, a Nando's side and a choice of Portuguese buns or garlic bread - suggestive for two people but hey I can devour that on my own (I was a little bit hungry before hand to be honest), my brother ordered a half chicken with two separated sauces and a size of mash, while my girlfriend order a quarter chicken with Peri Peri fries. We had three different sauces for each plate, lemon & herb, hot, and extra hot. To me the hot and extra hot is the same and to be honest it's not actually hot at all.  Overall satisfied with our visit and I would strongly recommend Nando's to anyone who wants to try something new and to those chicken lovers out there. Definitely would come back again soon.	 0
I was well happy in the car with my friend Terry as I thought we were heading to my favourite Pho place for dinner. As we were nearing the restaurant though, Terry turns and says "How about we try Nandos?". I hesitated for a moment but then agreed (I used to have Nandos once a week back in Australia so I assumed I was in for a treat).That ended up being a terrible decision.  My chicken sandwich was bland and flavourless, the fries were OKAY at best. Terry offered me some of his wedges and they were drier then the Sahara Desert.  I would not eat here again and any Australians/English people reading this review and thinking "I wonder if Nandos tastes the same in Canada as it does back home?"   It doesn't	 1
Nando's grill was such a neat experience and the food was tasty. I had a veggie burger it was smothered in the house made spicy sauce, wasn't really my cup of tea but the chicken was wonderful, or so I was told as I am a vegetarian :)	 0
Nando's is a Portuguese style flame-grilled chicken place.  The chicken is quite good and flavorful.  Expect a long line if you aren't there right at noon (for lunch).  We waited a good 20 minutes before we ordered (they don't take orders over the phone).  Another 10minutes later we were eating around 12:40pm.  I'd try to go back here again at dinner if I go back at all.  The hostess could not be found and when she did appear she was clueless.  We asked for a table and she said there were no tables available but she took our name down... After a few minutes we found a few empty tables and just sat down ourselves.  She never did look for us.  Food is OK, service needs improvement.	 1
Boring. You get grilled chicken and some sauces. Might as well get a rotisserie chicken from safeway and buy the nando hot sauces. Save you a lot of money.	 1
Very tasty, lemon herb chicken and garlic mashed were excellent. Bit of a pain ordering ( having to stand in line) but the food is worth it. I can't wait to go back.	 0
I have always loved nandos in every country I have been to but OMG when I tried nandos in calgary I was very disappointed. It's the only nandos in Alberta and the service is awful. People working there are very unfriendly and my husband saw the gu y putting all the sauces in the same container when they were about to close. Basically, different names and same sauce. We asked for garlic and herb sauce and were told that's already packed so we can't have it. The chicken was too hard burnt from outside and uncooked from inside. Place was very untidy with dirty crockery and dishes and glasses. We were very disappointed with the standard of nandos they have in canada or Alberta specifically. Never going back again!	 1
My mother and I decided to stop and Try out Nandos this evening and we got seated and before my Mom or me had a chance to order we started coughing because of the extreme amount of smoke that was in the building by the time we went to order the smoke was overwhelming and we had to walk out my Mom is still coughing we are now taking her to the hospital. I don't recommend anyone go to this place. I'm for sure going to report this to the authorities.	 1
We eat here about once a month! Although my child is a vegetarian we still fully enjoy the menu and I now have a new favourite item on the menu! The Holloumi cheese and portobello wrap! Best vegetarian dish I've ever had! I'm not one but it's so good that's what have.  But of course the chicken is amazing, and the Peri Peri sauce is why we come.  Usually, there is a line up, but don't be discouraged, it's worth the wait! Besides that should be a testament to how many people enjoy the food.    The structure was an old Pizza Hut, but about a year ago the remodelled and they must have hired a great designer because the facelift does not show any sign of the old "hut". Family dinning for sure, pretty relaxed. Never had an issue with the service, besides having to wait most times. But we love the food so much we know it's worth it.	 0
Chicken is soooo good, i can eat a whole chicken by myself.   super healthy and great food. make sure you try the chicken liver.	 0
Gave 2 stars cause of the food. Service was horrible and staff seemed to have attitude. Kept subtracting from the tip, Not coming back here again 2 thumbs down	 1
I took my daughter here this evening for a treat - she loves Sushi! My order arrived first and since she was hungry and waiting.. i gave her some of mine. After mine was finished  - 20 minutes or so later.. we continued to wait for her roll.. Then my 14 year old daughter flagged down a server since ours was no where to be seen. About 5 minutes or so later she got her order and hungrily gobbled it all down. It seems her order was forgotten. Next time we will do a lunch at Big Catch (Market on Mcleod) for a reasonably priced, reliable and quality Sushi meal. I am proud of how my daughter handled this. The food was good, but the neglectful service ruined our intention of having a nice meal out.	 1
I'll admit it... This is probably the best AYCE sushi restaurant in Calgary at the moment! The chef use to work for Shibuya Izakaya and I guess decided to open up his own place down south. The interior is very nicely designed with open concept kitchen. The menu itself is VERY extensive and has so many different hot and cold dishes. The few items that stuck out for a Japanese restaurant was that they were serving Chinese items like Siu Mai, Har Gow and Ginger beef. For a sushi restaurant they serve bomb dim sum, surprising.  I only went for lunch and the place was still kinda busy for 1pm. The service was quick and the food came QUICK!! Meaning Takoyaki balls came out within 3mins of placing the order. Maybe it was because the tables were starting to clear out but great for us! The food is very well presented and attention to detail is not lost. Every dish leaving the kitchen was perfectly plated and garnished regardless of the quantity of the items.   This AYCE sushi place is a definite must try especially for the dinner deluxe menu where there is beef tataki!!! Eating just a few orders of this dish would pay for your entire meal!!! Happy munching!  Must order: 1. Oiishi deluxe 2. Hand cones (they do not cheap out on the meat within them) 3. Takoyaki	 0
Price was very good. Went for lunch and had all you can eat plus one margarita, $41 for two of us. Miso soup was good, sushi options aren't very wide but the quality was great. The sushi cones were very basic, not much in them but again, good.  Server was courteous, came when needed and didn't hover. Great atmosphere and very open and inviting. I found my new sushi home :)	 0
Left a few pieces. I mean a few pieces of tuna sashimi and the Owner was there to charge that left over. Always go to this place over 10 times never happened. Don't know what's the matter with him but never coming back again.	 1
You got brah, they bought use shots. The pizza is lit	 1
Yikes! This has got to be my worst review yet for any restaurant in the city. I had high expectations based on previous reviews. We came for a girls' night out, so at least the company was lovely.   Our server had a mediocre understanding of the menu, and had an overly casual (bordering on creepy) attitude with our group. And... it was... so slow... At least the food was great, right? At nearly $50 per girl (one entree and a glass of wine each, plus shared calamari), we really ought to have stayed in instead. The gnocchi was bland and overcooked, the calamari slimy. Not fun.	 1
Came here for an event the other night. Therefore this review will be based on that experience.   We had a variety of items to choose from already on the tables before we arrived. For an appetizer, we were provided with heaping amounts of calamari, which were already drizzled with lemon. I loved the texture of said calamari, but the coating/batter got soggy quite quickly. The seasoning was perfect on it though, so all of us at the table finished the heaping pile quite quickly.   Unsure of what the pizzas we got were, as the server did not indicate such to us. The pizzas were brought out throughout our lecture as well. Flavours were okay, but 3 out of the 5 seemed very similar to each other, albeit there was the addition of a different type of green on top. I fell in love with one of the pizzas that had sausage on it; it was the only meat pizza we got that night, and I loved the spice that followed each bite.   Of the pizzas, we found a majority of them to be quite oily, or burned at the bottom. Not pleasant when you're listening to a lecture and getting the sad after taste of burnt bread. As I've stated before, I was listening to a lecture throughout dinner. For some reason the servers decided not to cut our pizzas for us, and to provide us with a pizza cutter. We didn't touch one of the pizzas as it was uncut, and we did not want to disturb the talk with our loud pizza cutting. Suggestion to the servers catering these events would be to provide precut portions, but also to remember to bring serving utensils (we ended up picking the pizza up with clean forks from clean settings beside us).  Please remember to treat all attendees equal as well. I would have loved to be offered wine throughout the night like other attendees at the lecture, asking for my ID isn't that difficult to do! I was only given sparkling water sparingly throughout the night.; after having to wave down the server two times, I just gave up and waited patiently for when he walked by.  We were able to end off the night with a sweet touch though. We were provided with a nutella dessert. It resembled a nutella quesadilla cut into strips and sprinkled with powdered sugar. My sweet tooth and I loved it; but it was VERY messy to eat. We got nutella every where but our mouths.  Overall, loved the cosy environment we were seated in upstairs for the lecture. Would not mind going to other events here in the future as well.	 1
My Rustica pizza was superb - not super cheesy, sloppy American style, but light on the cheese, heavy on the flavor and covered with Arugula. Loved it! For dessert we had something made with Nutella, strawberries & mascarpone between thin-slice pizza dough, a homemade Nutella Gelato, and even a couple of Nutella lattes. The service was great, the atmosphere fun. My choice for authentic Italian food in downtown Calgary!	 0
Excellent service! Food was amazing! Always a pleasure coming here. Thank you for the wonderful evening.	 0
5 star.  The service can be hit it miss sometimes, but the food quality has been fantastic everytime.  Been 3x.  Only had suspect service once, and the other 2 were professional, friendly and entertaining. As for the menu, if it looks good, it is.  Simple as that.	 0
This place is not what it used to be. The prices have remained just as high, they renovated (losing the charm - no more antiques!) and the food quality has sharply declined.   Last March I went here for Open Table's "Big Taste Calgary" It consisted of a 3 course meal for $35. Not bad right? Well...  For a starter I chose the Jacqueline Supreme Salad - I've eaten this in the past at least 6 times but this time it was awful. Normally it's loaded full of blue cheese, bacon, pecans, with mixed greens. This time it was 1/3 the size, almost no cheese, bacon or pecans and the greens were wilted.   On to the main ah..... what's the point in finishing this. It is no longer great. That's all you need to know.	 1
Made a reservation, still had to wait over 45 minutes past reservation time for a table. Was told to come back in 15 minutes the first time. No table when we returned.  Second time asked them to call when table is ready. Reservation was at 7 didn't get seated until 7:50.   They claimed it's because the previous table was late for their reservation. However,  it seemed other people who arrived after us got seated first.  They offered no apologies, waitress forgot things. Had to ask for bread and condiments that should have been there.  Won't be going back. Very disappointed.	 1
I went here on January 15 while visiting Calgary. I was impressed by the food as well as the service. I had crepes as well as a salad. then the pecan cheesecake. oh, so good!! it's located in one of the nicest areas in Calgary: Ingelwood, so I ended up walking around the area after supper. I will be coming back again when I'm back in Calgary in the summer.	 0
We went for brunch, had the breakfast combo and everything was splendid. The waitress Jodey was so pleasant and welcoming, made excellent suggestions. I got the breakfast martini (so delicious!!) And the salmon eggs benny and added spinach. My eggs were cooked perfectly.  Got creme brulee for dessert and it was heavenly. Got to try some of the boyfriends cheesecake and yes, it was heavy, but it's cheesecake, it's supposed to be! The wonderful service, ambiance and delicious food really made it a wonderful experience.	 0
I have been here many times in the past, with the new name attached to it...it seems as if food quality and service has gone down hill.  We dined last night, I had the fish which was absolute mush, the Cesar salad which I would sometimes have for dessert it was so good, I didn't finish, and the creme brûlée was like pudding.  The service was terrible, the poor gal had obviously had no training.. We got our salads before our drinks.. The place is screaming we don't care anymore.  Very sad because the ambience is so great!!	 1
I have been to Jacqueline Suzanne's now 'Carmichaels' many times, mostly for brunch but a few times for dinner. Stick to brunch!!  They had to comp 2 out of 4 meals plus the service well lets give that a 1/10. I think they had maybe 6 tables and our order was not put in so we finally got it after an hour and the 2 Butternut Squash pastas were cold.  They took them and put them in the microwave and returned them to the table. They should have been redone but instead they opted to just reheat the same ones!!! Where is Chef Ramsey when you need him?  They have staff that is totally new for whatever reason so be very aware!  Save your money, there are so many better restaurants in Calgary!!!	 1
I was really looking forward to go to this place... and I've unfortunately been disappointed. The food has been all right, but nothing outstanding. The salads (small plate) were really ordinary.  The lobster raviolis, along with the sauce were good. The salmon was ok, no real flavor. For dessert, we had a coffee cheesecake, very heavy; and a tiramisu which was just a sponge cake with whipped cream, a kind of mascarpone and the presentation in the plate was horrible. The service was not great and very long. The diner took 2  1/2 hours for just a 3-course meal. I liked the feel inside. We were seated upstairs, the interior and the historic details are nice and make the place interesting to see. I found this place very mediocre overall. For the price, I definitely would go somewhere else. There are much better restaurants in Calgary....	 1
Beautiful little bistro in the newly upscale Inglewood off downtown, Jacqueline Suzanne's is a rare gem in Calgary's ever changing restaurant scene.  Painted tin ceiling, crown molding, and a wealth of antiques to entertain the eye, this is a foodie destination that should be high on the list to visit.  I've been here more than a few times over the years, and went again for NYE dinner.  On offer was a 3 course meal for $55, 4 courses for $65, and 5 courses with champagne for $75.  My date and I went for the luxurious and decadent 5 courses. What an experience!  On the set menu, you could start with either a seafood chowder or a spicy pumpkin bisque. I went with the bisque, and nearly blissed out. I have to admit I'd had some trepidation about it, but I was beyond surprised. The first bite had me closing my eyes and savouring. It was a real effort to keep enjoying it slowly!  Next up was a simple Caesar salad, which they nailed. Crisp, flavourful, and a perfect touch with the dressing.  The third course was a literal surprise. On the set menu it was described teasingly as a selection of their favourite appetizers.  Mystery course for the win - smoked salmon with the perfect amount of lightly flavoured cream cheese on a crostini, 2 small shrimp with a warm salsa, and a simple yet delicious pate. Mouthwatering!  For the main course, I had the lobster ravioli in a light white wine and cream garlic sauce. There was a surprising lemon zing to it, and a perfect smattering of fresh dill.  Every bite was a small detonation of flavour and only the previous 3 courses slowed me down enough to really enjoy each bite.  I've found lobster ravioli is a dish many restaurants struggle to get right, and Jacqueline Suzanne's absolutely set the standard.    Dessert was a decadent tiramisu, one of my favourite desserts. Again, they completely nailed it.    Jacqueline Suzanne's is a great little bistro that retains it's spot on my short list of restaurants to revisit again and again. The staff are attentive, and really understand customer service. I never felt hovered over, and even on a night as busy as NYE didn't have to once try to flag our waitress.   Perfect!	 0
Incredible flavors, the brisket sandwich was amazing for every single bite. The bun was the perfect soft and sweet compliment and every sauce was worth trying.   Decor definitely feels like a hole-in-the-wall out of the way. I'd absolutely put this high on the list for places to cater a meal.	 0
Hey guys Went there today nearing closing time only get rude service. Yes it was close to close but we still had 15min. The food is prepared so it's not like it took a long time to prepared. Maybe 2min. Anyways this place was really good before the management changed. I will not come back to this location.  16ave is much better. Oh and the worst part about this experience was that while we were eating they turned off half the dining room lights!!!! How rude. I did tell the man that it was rude and he could have waited 5 min. He had nothing to say.  Our stay lasted 7 -8 min. We would've stayed onlu 10min but they ruined the whole experience.  2 thumbs down.	 1
Amazing flavor and super quick service, closest thing to Texas style bbq I have seen in Calgary.   No surprise this place gets busy at lunch!   I tried the manwhich, beef brisket and pulled pork with pickle slices on a fresh bun with side of potatoe salad.   The potatoe salad with sliced potatoe, not cubes or chunks, might be better than my mom's but I wouldn't dare tell her that!   Next visit the "barnyard" sandwich will definitely be my choice with the slaw and cornbread Bring and appetite, you won't leave hungry!	 0
If your quite hungry and looking for a take-out or a casual eat in place then Holy Smoke BBQ is a great choice! The ambience is casual but not lackluster - gingham and fun decor. The smoked chicken sandwich, is delicious and, the large is quite substantial. It was about $11.00 and worth it! Other offerings have been popular with friends and family so i do not think you can go wrong. The service has been pleasant, efficient and quick. They offer a generous variety of sauces and a prep station so you can customize flavours to your liking. The apple bbq sauce is my favourite. Good on you Holy Smoke BBQ!	 0
Fresh and anything but fancy southern style BBQ. No frills, no gimmicks, just meat and lots of it. Forget quantity only BBQ places because Holy Smoke is smokin' good quality too!   Order from a mechanic shirt clad employee at the cafeteria style counter and take your pulled pork, pulled brisket, pulled chicken, or amp it up with a Manwich (pulled pork & brisken) or a barnyard - 3 typed of pulled animal in a pile, back to the red and white picnic tables to pig out. Wow, that last sentence was a mouthful, but it was on purpose, because so are their sandwiches - so there.  But wait! We forgot the most important step! You gotta get yourself some BBQ sauce! There are so many to choose from, and they're all delicious so make sure you get more than one. I like to get several of them and pour a bit onto the part of the sandwich I'm about to bite. Classic sauces, sweet sauces and all the way to super spicy sauces ranging from a feeling of tingly formication on the tongue , all the way to the super spicey - like "Lip Blister" - meOW that one burns!	 0
Was so excited to be here. But food was Luke warm ribs were tuff . cornbread is good. Pulled pork sandwich lacked seasoning and pork was dry.	 1
Iv eaten here plenty of times and after living in Texas for many years this is the closest thing to Texan BBQ in Calgary.  Their brisket and pulled pork are really taste and they have the beast cornbread in town!	 0
I eat here at least twice a week ! Pulled pork is ok for the diet tho so its all good ... Awesome staff awesome food ... Cool atmosphere !!	 0
After reading the Yelp reviews on this place, we decided to check it out for lunch on Friday as we were in the area anyway. So glad we did!!  Holy Smoke is a quaint restaurant with large tables meant to be shared. Luckily, we arrived right before the lunch rush so our order was made fast and we were able to chow down right away.   Josh ordered the Manwich (which is huge, FYI), while I went with the Beef Brisket. We decided to try the Potato Salad, Coleslaw, and Corn Bread for our sides. Josh also ordered a couple of ribs, which were not $1/each, but $1.25. I also ordered a Sweet Tea which I was very excited about - not too sweet, it was so delicious. There is a large selection of BBQ sauces to try with your meat - we had the Jack Daniels (MY FAVE!), Hot Mama, Apple, and a spicy mustard (cant remember the name)...each sauce had its own unique taste but every bite was better than the last!!  It was on the pricey side ($29 for both) but we got A LOT of food and it was so delicious. Every day since eating there we've talked about how good it was! I loved the kitschy Southern decor, the authentic taste of the food, and that yummy Sweet Tea. I cant wait to return for more!!	 0
Sweet baby Jesus, y'all. The south has risen again!...in Calgary?  The delicious aroma permeating this unassuming bit of SE business park transported me back to my time in Tuscaloosa. My mouth was watering the entire time I stood in that line (although there were plenty of customers, it was moving at a good pace) contemplating the menu. The fact that I was the only female present out of the ~40 customers inside and eating outside gave me high hopes that I was going to get tasty, messy, abso-frickin-delicious bbq.  Everything on their menu looked good. My coworker I hold in very high regard when it comes to matters of the tastebuds approved of my selection:  - Pulled pork (reg): safety. It's never failed me yet, and it didn't disappoint this time either. The flavor of my hefty stack of meat was good, but it needed the sauces I liberally applied to make it juicy enough for my taste. (Wow, talk about food porn...)  - Coleslaw: I'm usually not a coleslaw person, but it looked to be the fan favorite based on my incredibly obvious lascivious stares at the trays of diners eating inside. It was fresh and homemade, lightly dressed and absolutely delicious piled on top of the sandwich as a nice balance to the pork.   - Sweet tea: this may sound horrible, but I really wanted their sweet tea to fail so I could continue to safely and confidently assert that no one but southern mommas truly knew how to make good sweet tea. Honestly, it was pretty damn good, the best I've had outside of a state that was part of the confederacy.If only Calgary had balmier summer nights and more porch swings...   I plan on going here again except on an emptier stomach and longer time frame to savor a manwich (not THAT kind of manwich!) or maybe their brisket and a few pork ribs. Best bbq I've yet had in Calgary!	 0
Ah! Finally a fantastic home style BBQ place that is as delicious as the smell that hits you upon walking in the front door. The menu is simplistic and has the basics that any BBQ place has, but they have a few specialty items like the "manwhich", and the "barnyard" that are both delicious! You truly can't go wrong with anything on the menu. After you decide on what kind of BBQ you want you get to choose sides. The potato salad and cornbread are probably the best two sides I've ever had at any BBQ place EVER. The potato salad is a perfect combination of creamy and flavourful. Honestly, it was life altering good! But just when you're feeling like it can't get better they hand you your red tray of meat and you get to head over to the sauce bar. The sauce bar, let me tell you, is this magical place where anything is possible. There's about 15 different types of sauce that you can add to your tray to flavour your meal anyway you want, and spoiler alert... they are all fantastic! I know it's just a matter of time until we are back there again!	 0
I went to Holy Smoke BBQ tonight for a quick bite after work. I've been here a few years ago and remembered it to be pretty good. Tonight I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with cornbread and a lemonade. The pork was pretty good, juicy and a good portion. It was warm, but not hot. The bun was soft and fresh. However, that's all it was. No pickle, no coleslaw for crunch... I enjoyed the BBQ sauce I got to choose but I'm afraid without that it would have been a pretty boring meat and bun sandwich! The cornbread was ok, also fresh but a bit undercooked and kind of greasy. The lemonade was not good. Warm (?!?) and had a funny taste... Service was friendly and fast but the lady on the cash register didn't give me any change back. I didn't complain because it was just $0.15. I don't know,  it was ok but I remembered the meal being much more impressive last time and was better bang for my buck. I'm not sure if I'll go back any time soon.	 1
Very friendly service and great Acai bowls. These bowls are massive and extremely filling. Would highly recommend this place to anyone.   They also do smoothies and poke bowls too.	 0
It's pretty funny that I'm reviewing Bowl'D Acai and never having tried their Acai bowls.  Yet, as far as Poke Bowls go, their Great White Poke Bowl is one of my favorite non-custom poke bowls out there.  Great White Poke Bowl -- http://bit.ly/2eMoY29 Brown rice, coconut oil, sea salt, wild ahi tuna, gluten free soy sauce, orange juice, ginger, garlic, green onion, orange zest, black sesame seeds, crushed macadamia nuts, and spinach. I've had it both non-spicy and 'Piranha Style' with their Spicy AF sauce (http://bit.ly/2in9QuN).  As you can see from the pic it doesn't look too different from the regular bowl, but the Spicy AF sauce definitely adds a nice kick to the Poke.  It's so good!  After having it for the first time, I instantly became hooked!  What I like about it is that it has the perfect harmony of ingredients for me.  The poke is fresh and abundant, and brown rice, macadamia nuts, and spinach adds more substance to make this bowl hearty enough to get me though the rest of my work day.  I'll eventually try their Acai bowls someday.  They all look amazing and you definitely get your money's worth because they're all big bowls.  My coworker ordered their Original Gangster with Acai, Bananas, Strawberries, and Coconut Water and I was impressed with the portion size.  Bowl'd Acai is an incredible food truck and has climbed up my ranks of favorite food trucks  I'm glad that they're a regular at Spark Social so I can stop by to pick up a Great White bowl during my lunch break.  It's a great, healthy, and hearty option and I can't get enough of them!	 0
After eating noms that make-my-wait-line-go-whoa and mildly wreck my body for several days in San Francisco on a biz trip, I needed to reboot with delicious, dense nutrients. What better way than with an acai bowl? And for, like, a little north of ten bux? Hellz, yeah, boo.   Things to know: ***** I. LOCATION & PARKING: It's a truck, but we found Bowl'd Acai several feet from a Blue Bottle Coffee location. Regarding parking, well, God speed. I can't help you with that one, playa. Haha.  II. FOOD & DRINK: At the time that I visited, Bowl'd Acai had three types of bowls, four smoothies, three juices, and a variety of little additions (like health shots and such). I ordered a regular sized Green Goliath ($10.50).   It had a blend of acai, spinach, hemp protein, strawberry, banana, and coconut water and it was topped one-planet gluten-free granola, banana, strawberry, Goji berry, coconut shavings and honey. Do you feel healthy from reading that description?   The flavors all worked well together, and my breakfast tasted amazingly refreshing! And even though, as a big brotha, I can put down some food, I couldn't finish the entire thing. (I wanted to, so badly, though!)   III. SERVICE: As one of the first people there in the morning, it took surprisingly longer than I thought it would to get my bowl. (Maybe 6-8 minutes?) Regardless, the people working in the truck were really nice. No real qualms here.  IV. PRICES: When considering they operate in the most expensive city in the world, and that I couldn't finish it all, $10.50 was a steal. Especially for a healthy meal!  V. OVERALL: I'll definitely hit up Bowl'd Acai next time in in The Bay for work. It's a serious option, for those who like eating and feeling healthy!	 0
I am a huge açai fan but I am picky one too. I love love love Bowl'd Açai! It is one of those experiences where you want to last for a while and postpone the ending. I take my time of course and enjoy every moment with every spoon!   The location I am familiar with is in the Mission Bay Spark. I am blessed for this location bc it's close to work so I can go any time when I find free time. I hope they come to Marin County!!   I highly recommend Bowl'd açai with different toppings, flavors and all made with love!!	 0
Best acai bowls in SF and BEST service at a food truck that I've ever experienced!!! Reza and the crew deliver instagram worthy treats with enough spirit to keep you smiling for the rest of the day!   I recommend THESE NUTS and the OJ bowl, green smoothie hits the spot too though!   Still haven't had the chance to try the poke bowls, but I hear getting the special spicy sauce is the way to go!	 0
Yes, yes, YES! It was cold outside and I had to dodge human excrement to get to Bowl'D Acai at 14 Mint Plaza, but it was oh so worth it.  I went with These Nuts which has acai, strawberry, banana and coconut water, topped with granola, banana, peanut butter, hemp seed, sliced almonds, bee pollen and honey. Check in on Yelp and you can also get a free power up in the form of another topping or addition like ginger and protein powder. They also have smoothies and juices if acai bowls aren't your thing.  My bowl was packaged up nicely so I could bring it to the office to devour (and believe me, devour it I did). The truck is parked right next to Blue Bottle so you can also grab coffee with your breakfast. Done and done!	 0
Sitting in an open square in the heart of San Francisco on a Saturday afternoon eating an Acai Bowl - I could almost feel the clear lensed glasses growing on my face and my top lip becoming more groomed by the moment, and what's this? I appear to now be a carrying a canvas bag over my shoulder! In case you couldn't tell I was morphing in to a hipster!  The point I'm trying to make is that Bowl'D Acai couldn't be more on point! This food truck (not a beat up chippy van) could not have been cooler and the staff could not have been friendlier, the girl serving had a custom convo with everyone who approached and she managed to up sell by being informative rather than pushy. What's that? It's topped with ethically sourced hazel nuts, of course I'll pay extra for them!   I had the 'These Nuts' Acai bowl which set me back $10.50 (reg) but it was worth every dime. I could feel my alcohol sodden body regenerating as I ate the bowl of health. If you're a peanut butter fan go for this bowl!  This was one of the best looking and best tasting things I ate in San Fran! I can't wait until Acai makes it's way to Belfast - it'll probably be on the slow boat - sad times!	 0
I think the bowl photos speaks for themselves, but if you demand words, the is a super serious and monstrous acaibowl of joy!	 0
My review probably won't be helpful to most people since I've never had their acai. I come here  specifically for the POKE BOWL.  It's my favorite poke I've ever had. Recently poke has become a big thing in the bay area and I've tried about 7 places now . Bowl'D Acai adds minimal dressing (besides their spicy sauce) and garnish, resulting in a much more refreshing taste. Their brown rice is also some of the best brown rice ever, super juicy and well-made. While there are no sides, the unconventional mix of ingredients creates such a powerful taste that I never thought of it. The main thing is the ahi tuna, anyways.  Definitely recommend getting the poke here during the day when the food truck is around--there is only one poke bowl ("Great White") on the menu, and it's ALWAYS consistent and delicious. They'll start serving whenever the rice is ready, so ~ 9am.	 0
If you want a super delicious Acai Bowl this is the place to go! They also have poke bowls and juices as well. I tried "these nuts" Acai bowl and it was so good! I really liked how it wasn't super sweet but all the flavors were still there. I went there again today for the "Original Gangster" and I love it! It truly does have everything in an OG Acai Bowl! Everything is super fresh and the overall bowl is just so refreshing and filling.   They have two locations, one at the Mint Plaza and the other by Montgomery and Sacramento. Perfect lunch spot.  The service is great and fast so even if you're in a rush you'll be fine.	 0
My Hella Green smoothie was one of the tastiest guilt-free things I've ever had. Packed with healthy veggies with just a touch of sweetness, it was the perfect sipper as I walked back towards my hotel double fisting my juice and coffee. The gal working was super friendly and polite. She even thought I was a local (flattered!).  Can you just pack up your truck and drive it to Omaha already?	 0
5 stars for awesome customer service and customer appreciation!   Came here for a light lunch on a Friday afternoon. Luckily, there wasn't a long line due to it being a holiday weekend so most people working downtown took the day off. Ordered the Green Goliath with a free "power up" (chia seeds) for checking in on Yelp. I love check-in promos!   We ordered 3 different acai bowls that were ready in just minutes. The owner of the truck was super friendly and made sure we got our bowls quickly and that our orders were perfect. For this being a truck, they checked in on us with the same quality as a nice restaurant would. We sat nearby the truck, and they made it a point to continue having good conversation with us even after we got our bowls.   I'll definitely be back for a poke bowl soon!	 0
Loved this truck!!!  The flavor was full, delicious, not overly sweetened, and true to the Acai. It was so so good...cannot stress.  Also the service was extremely friendly and great. The truck was beautifully decorated. Even the utensils were made out of recycled wood.   On the pricey end but so much better than Blue Hawaii.   Best acai I've had in San Francisco and in Austin.  I just really had a great experience.	 0
I recently had a 24 hour stopover in San Francisco and made a point of coming here for breakfast. I am ride or die for acai bowls and especially loved the idea of getting one from a food truck (only here or in NYC...am I right?)  I got the original gangster acai bowl in the small size. It was more than enough for me and the large size looked massive. With a Yelp check-in I also got a free add on...which ended up being a protein...which ended up being a choice between peanut butter or almond butter. But, is that even a choice? I got peanut butter of course!  The d'acai bowl was just as delicious as I dreamed it would be. There were some seats opposite the truck so I sat down to eat there in the sunshine (and of course take a droolworthy photo for Yelp and Instagram!). Overall it was a very pleasant way to start the day. The gentlemen working in the truck were very upbeat and more than happy to answer questions. It makes a big difference if the staff seem content. The price was also right, considering the $$$ flying around San Fran these days.   Next time I'm in the city I will make a point of coming back here. Until then I will have to be content with following them on Instagram. Or perhaps wishing they would sprinkle the d'acai bowl food truck love around a few more cities!  Note #1They also make poke bowls. As a veggie of course this doesn't appeal to me. But the diverse combination does. Bringing da healthy eats to da city peeps. What will they think of next?  Note #2 Bowl D'Acai is in very very close proximity to Bluebottle Coffee. Which is oft proclaimed as the best coffee in all of San Francisco. Yes...I went there straight after! ;)	 0
This was an overall amazing experience. Being a sushi lover for 15+ years but a new vegetarian, I've had very few options at other sushi restaurants. I was visiting SF on New Years Eve, so I had to check this out.   As it is quite popular, the waits are usually long. Mine was about an hour and a half, but it was well worth it!   The ambiance is quite warm and elegant. The menu leaves you overwhelmed with the unique, delicious options. Not only was the presentation for the dishes exquisite, but the ingredients were also paired so well.  We started off with soup. It was simple yet satisfying, with the right amount of umami. Then we went for rolls. The Candlestick Roll is a must-have! We loved the little flame.  This reminds me of what I used to be able to enjoy but even better due to its unique flavors and aesthetics. I highly recommend this restaurant!	 0
What!!! Vegan sushi place.. loved every thing we ordered.  Sushis like green mango, roared papers, Boddy & Soul, spicy tofu were amazing. We also got the fried banana ice cream. Loved it. Place get packed on any given day. Simply yummy!!!  Service A+	 0
I'm not a vegan. But this place is pretty amazing. I brought my vegan sister and a non-vegan friend here. On a Thursday night at 6pm, this place was already packed. Luckily we got a seat in 5mins.   FOOD:  This is like any other sushi yakatori place with sushi, small plates, appetizers and  ramen - except everything is vegan! We ordered only from their specialty sushi menu (last pg on the menu) because - of course - this is what they are known for. duh. We got 4 plates of sushi to share among the 3 of us:   1) Scarlet Smile ($12): was my favorite. Lightly tempera-ed sweet potato with cucumber, imitation crab sauce and imitation fish eggs using tapioca! Taste and texture was just perfect! You can't even tell that it's vegan   2) Candlestick ($13): on the spicy side and comes with a flame on the side! Mostly avocado and cucumbers.   3) Bold Peacock ($12): my second fav. The roasted bell peppers and creamy tofu (made to imitate cream cheese?) on top made this number a delicious one!   4) Caonel Pipe? ($12): cucumber and asparagus with topping of beets. The beets on this one threw off the taste for me. But the middle was great!    AMBIANCE: This place gives off a modern-zen vibe with wooden walls, tree stump seats and wooden plates & menu. Even the bathroom is nice! They have glass walls so if you come during the day time - you'll get perfect lighting (for those yelp pics!)  There are seating for up to 1-12? Bar seating is also available. Waiting area, unfortunately, is quite small and lacks seating.   SERVICE:  Friendly, attentive and quick!   Overall, the creativity and presentation of these sushi plates were impeccable. I can see why non-vegan would come for a taste!	 0
My friend told me about this vegan sushi place and curiosity got the best of me. I just had to try it out. I'm not a vegan. I'm not even vegetarian. I'm the dunce that wore a leather jacket to this vegan restaurant and never thought about how it might be a bit inappropriate (oops). I didn't know what to expect and walked away pretty amazed by the whole experience.   This place gets busy and they don't accept reservations. We only had to wait about 30 minutes on a weekend and we got there at around 630 which was not too bad.   The space is tiny but the space was absolutely gorgeous and used very efficiently. The walls and ceilings are lined with wood planks with seaweed and kelp framed art.   We ordered Brussel Sprouts and agedashi for apps. The tofu was ok but the brussel sprouts was the best dish of the night. We also order open invitation roll, candlestick, and secret weapon specialty rolls. The candlestick and open invitation rolls were beautifully presented. Just visually stunning. The candlestick was probably the best tasting. It really did not taste like vegan to me at all.   I would definitely go back regardless of the novelty. This place makes great food and drinks period.	 0
I'm a meat lover , but it was sister's birthday and she is vegan. We went to try this place out cause it's poppin on Yelp. The wait wasn't that long on a Monday night, we waited about 5-10 minutes. I wasn't a big fan of vegan sushi cause I was like where's the steak ?! Joking , I'll give this place a try. *tears*  When I walked in , the first thing I notice are the sushi chef counter and all them have man-bun lol My first impression is "wow, this must be a hipster place" The interior design is amazing , it looks like you are eating in a boat. Cool beans, right?   We ordered the fried tofu for starters... Amazing , highly recommended .. the sauce pairs well with the tofu.  Then we tried the Surprise Ending Roll, which is a Russian roulette type of style where loser gets the spiciest sushi and gotta drink the soju shot.. highly creative and recommend for the funsies   Then we got to try all different types of rolls and it was a lot that I don't know I was eating , but it was good.. like fire on salt (I think) and some crazy aesthetic design rolls.   We got to try their special vegan ice cream dessert ... I think it was berry coconut ice cream ..?! Can't remembered cause it was pretty dim inside.. pricey for $10   Anyways...very good for vegan restaurant, can't wait to eat tons of meat tomorrow to balance it out , joking ...Good Customer Service ! Except that they forgot to put the candle on the dessert when we told the lady with the glasses that it was our sister's birthday :(  but oh wells.	 0
Favorites:  shizen shiitake -  I might actually enjoy these more than agedashi tofu.. Mushrooms stuffed with shredded tofu, tapioca, and matcha sea salt tomato nigiri - Ginger shoyu marinade, shizo, and matcha salt. INCREDIBLE taste and texture. eggplant nigiri  colonel's pipe - Smoked beets, cashews, creamy tofu, asparagus, sweet mustard, and orange zest I LURVE BEETS and that creamy tofu is delicious as hell.   My friends have become addicts and regularly eat here without me. I recently had to place myself on dietary restrictions for health reasons but at least I know I can order ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING at Shizen and will be fine.	 0
Shizen is my favorite sushi restaurant in the city. Yes, it's vegan, yes I eat fish.   I always appreciate a good vegetarian meal, I love vegetables. That being said, Shizen takes it one more step and makes vegan the name of the game.   If you eat sushi on the reg, you may be a little hesitant to try Shizen if you haven't been before, but once you do you'll be hooked. You'll find yourself thinking back to how good your meal was, wondering what the wait time is on a random night, and returning for more, over and over again. Also, everything on the menu sounds so fantastic you will pick what you want, then re pick because there are so many choices. I'm pretty confident that whatever you go with will have you saying, "Mmmm"!  They don't take reservations, so friend and I got there and waited about 45 minutes for a table. Glad it wasn't longer, we were starving!  By the way, love the ambiance of this place! It's so chic and lovely.  We each got our own bowl of spicy miso garlic ramen (which, we should have shared but whatevs). The ramen was warm and filling. Dashed some soy sauce, and went to town. I enjoyed it very much.  The presentation of the specialty rolls were stunning! We ordered the Scarlet Smile and Hidden Agenda. I really liked both rolls for different reasons. Lots of play on flavors and textures, which I really appreciated. I didn't try the nigiri but nosily looked at what everyone ordered on either side of us. The nigiri resembles raw fish almost flawlessly! The execution here is #onfleek.  We had no room for dessert but drooled at the menu anyways.   If Shizen is on your list but you haven't made it here yet, bump it up up up!	 0
Vegan sushi? Yes, and it was amazing! I'm a sushi lover and thought I could never go vegan because of it. Well this vegan sushi will make it easier for me. Every bite feels like the real deal.  We had: gyoza, croquettes & brussels sprouts as appetizers. Open Invitation, proud peacock & surprise ending rolls. The dessert was a sorbet with berries & banana tempuras.  Price is equivalent to other sushi places (on the cheaper end).   Definitely coming back!	 0
Attention, fellow carnivores! I bring news so unfathomable that you just might martyrize me for it. Recently, I discovered that vegan food can actually taste good. And I mean like really $#%!@^ good. As in, we're talking better-than-meat kind of good... Please don't kill me.  Shizen is a popular vegan sushi restaurant in the Mission that's oddly named after... Actually, I'll let you Google that one yourself. Anyway, my friend and I came here at 8:45pm on a Tuesday. We were luckily seated at the sushi bar right away. Shizen is best known for their specialty rolls, which are gorgeous and creative. The interior is reinforced by an array of wooden beams that span across the walls and ceiling. Kinda reminds me of a miniature Noah's Ark. The vibe is clean, peaceful, and simplistic.  // Gyoza ($7) - 3 stars Too little filling and too much wrap, but I was pleasantly surprised by how close the tofu tasted to actual meat.  // Open Invitation ($13) - 5 stars The renkon chips made the sushi look like they had cute little crowns on them. The pumpkin tempura was mushy, the burdock was spicy, and the faux crab meat was creamy. Everything blended well together and tasted great!  // Boddy & Soul ($12) - 5 stars My favorite dish here - such an incredible play of textures! I have no idea what they put in that secret sauce, but it's downright delicious. Do yourself a favor and order this specialty roll.	 0
I came here on a Saturday night and it was 100% worth the wait! (the people giving low stars for the long wait are just hangry). I'm not a vegan or vegetarian and I love regular sushi so I wasn't sure what to expect.   I ordered an Open Invitation, Boddy and Soul, garlic edamame and a avocado "Nigiri" roll. Long story short, I am OBSESSED. I can't believe how delicious this sushi is, it's soooo incredibly tasty. If you're not sure what rolls to get, get Open Invitation & Boddy and Soul-- both are equally amazing.   The atmosphere is very cool, I love the decor and overall vibe. Highly recommend!!!!	 0
Seriously delicious, even for the non-vegan! Expect to wait, they don't take reservations.  Gluten free options are clearly marked, and there are many choices. Try the Spicy Garlic ramen!	 0
REVIEWER # 531  Vegan sushi? Count me in!   This place has been on my bookmark list for a long time and I finally had the chance to cross it off my list!  An old college friend and I decided to come here for dinner. Unfortunalty, the resturant is only open from 5PM-10PM and I didnt think it would be THAT crowded however when we arrived at 5:45PM, the wait time was 45-70 mins. The nice thing I liked about the service here was that if you are waiting for a table, they take your number down and text you when your table is ready. This was nice for us beccause although we were hungry, we didnt have to wait inside te resturant. We had the chance of walking around and checking out the rest of what Mission had to offer.  Once we arrived at your table, I instantly noticed the decor. The restuant is small and cozy. They offer cute small comfy stools and benches for you to enjoy your dinner. Located on the table is the cocktail, soju, and beers. If you are contemplating on what to order check out the: *Soju Margarita (I had this and this was absolutely delicious. My friend ordered the Basil   FOOD: Food was OMG delicious!! I have to say, that for Vegan sushi I was impressed. We started off with appetizers and ordered: *Tempura (5\5), came with a great variety of vegetables. *Spicy Garlic Miso Ramen (4\5) The ramen could have had more flavor to it, which is the only reason why I am giving it the low rating. But overall it was delicious and was blended very well. *Avocado Nigiri- Smoked beet aioli and lemon zest. It came with two pieces $5 and this was surprising delicious as well. The lemon zest really gives it the extra flavor! Definitely recommend you order to taste it.   Next on the menu we decided to try out some of the creative and unique sushi rolls. We decided to go with the two rolls that are well famous and discussed on the reviews: *Surprise Ending- Comes with: Kale, avocado, asparagus, shredded tofu, tapioca, yuba, beets, rice crackers, and suspense. Its literally like playing," Russian Roulette with sushi". Its such a fun drinking game. This is how it works: Each person chooses a piece of sushi and nobody knows who would get the sushi with "suspense" inside (really spicy suspense--spicier than wasabi), and whoever luckily picks the suspenseful sushi should certainly have to drink the shot of sake that's in the middle of the plate. Luckily, for this game it was my and my friend and I personally think its better to play when there is only two people because it makes the suspense last longer.   **P.S-I hear that the spicy sushi is pretty SPICY so be aware and have tons of water near you!  We also ordered the Candlestick Roll which caught a lot of peoples attention with the fire that is one the plate. I have to admit that was really cool and I was able to grab a quick pick of it before the fire burned out. Overall both of the sushi's are a MUST! I would love to come back and try the rest of their menu. Everything on the menu looks yummy!  The only con: is the wait! OMG! I wish they took reservations but unfortunately, they don't! I would have to say that until then my vote is 4.5\5 stars! GREAT SUSHI AND ATMOSPHERE!!  Until next time!  REVIEW 129/196	 0
If I could eat Shizen everyday, I would go vegan permanently.    I went here for the first time last week with my friend who was craving some good sushi. She is vegan, so I let her make the choice, leading me to this lovely little place.   Arrived around 8PM on a Thursday to a 30-45 minute wait. Not bad. We ordered a drink & sat at the bar waiting patiently for a spot. I had a margarita ($8) which for a Japanese restaurant, was amazing! I was really impressed at the quality & price!   We were seated approximately 30 minutes later. The restaurant is little, but very pretty & intimate. You will easily hear the conversations of the people next to you! Our server greeted us promptly & we ordered away...we had:  -Hiya Yako: Salty & sweet - loved the combo of tofu with green onions, soy sauce & cashews on mixed greens.   -Gyoza: Tasted like meat Gyoza. They got the texture down right with. So delicate & satisfying.   -**Avocado Nigiri: SO GOOD. Creamy, salty, acidic, & tangy all in one bite. Absolutely loved it and could of eaten plates of this!   -Open Invitation: Pretty good. Loved the crunchy chips on top that provide texture.   -**Plot Twist: Favorite bite of the night besides the nigiri, spicy, sweet, good texture and so delicious all around.   All came out to under $100 for 2 people. All & all, a great dining experience at Shizen & I plan on being back aha	 0
Wonderful meal and experience overall.   L'Ardoise (chalkboard in French) is located off the main street, tucked into a neighborhood setting.  When you walk in, there is a thick curtain to keep the cold night air from hitting you if you are seated by the door (which we were).  The aromas hit you when you first walk in and everything smells delicious!  The restaurant is cozy, dark (but not too dark) and inviting, beckoning you to sit down and enjoy a lovely meal.  I recommend that you make a reservation.  L'Ardoise is small and was full the entire time we were there.  On to the food!  We shared Tiger Prawn Ravioles as an appetizer and they were amazing.  Large chunks of Shrimp were inside tender freshly made pasta and perfectly dressed with sauce vierge.  Great way to start off the meal.  I wanted to order more than one thing on the menu so we decided to split the filet mignon and the special of the night which was seabass.  Both selections were exquisite!  Everything on both dishes complimented the main entree.  The Pommes Landaises with white truffle oil were decadent and cooked PERFECTLY!!  Light and crispy (not crunchy) and heavenly.  I need to figure out how to make these.  The filet had a nice crust to it and was tender and juicy inside.  The bread and butter were tasty and since I am a fiend (and since it was a birthday dinner and I was endulging) we put down probably 3 baskets, lol.  The service was top notch and complimented the restaurant and the food and the experience perfectly.  The french accents were also a wonderful touch!  I was completely stuffed, but we got dessert anyway.  We ordered something I've never had/heard of before, the floating island.  It was light and fluffy meringue floating on an island of creme and it had strawberries, almonds, and probably a few other things on top.  They even through a candle in for my birthday.  Do yourself a favor and come here for a special occasion, you won't regret it.	 0
Amazing service, good company and great food make for a great night!   Ordered the black angus filet mignon with pommes and white truflle oil which was cooked to perfection. I loved the potatoes on this as it was cooked perfectly lightly crisp but still had the good amount of potato.   The other entree ordered was the special of the night which was the sea bass with butternut squash and mushrooms. This was also cooked so perfectly. The fish was not over cooked and the butternut squash and mushrooms complimented the dish to perfection.  We also had the tiger prawns ravioli, I'm still dreaming of this as I write this review. The sauce was light and buttery, made for good dipping sauce for the bread because we sopped up all of it from the plate.   The service was excellent and the bread and butter was flowing without have to ask again.   Make reservations for this place. You won't regret it.	 0
Like this place needs anymore great reviews but it's hard not to leave a dazzling review when every time I've been here it's like the first fabulous time all over again. It's just a romantic cozy spot in the corner of a quiet street. It's got heavy velvet curtains to block the door from seating so there's no bad seat in the entire place. It's quaint and it's not good for groups of more than 4. The food is spectacular, the service is on point, and the atmosphere is so romantic. You're definitely transported to another time and place - a better cuter time and place. I've tried to walk in on random weekdays, just a party of 2 and the place is always packed. They've been able to accommodate us at the bar once before but other times we were turned away. I'd highly recommend making a reservation.	 0
Amazing food, staff and ambiance. We loved it, my husband ordered the filet mingon and I had the rack of lambs it was delicious, the cabbage salad and prawn ravioli for appetizer is a must!	 0
The romantic French ambiance was the perfect setting to introduce my parents to my fiancé here at L'Ardoise for dinner. We had a few aperitifs followed by our entrées, then our meal ended with a few desserts we shared amongst each other. We were simply blown away by the delicious food and wine, comforting cozy atmosphere serviced by an amazing staff that make your experience truly memorable. My filet mignon was soft as butter, which tasted as if it was melting in my mouth. All of the plates were superb and it was definitely worth trying multiples of plates then just having one. Overall it was a beautiful warm excellent dinner experience.  I recommend calling your reservation a week or more before you plan to visit. It gets pretty busy after 7pm and can be very difficult to get an open table on the weekends.	 0
A super cute neighborhood bistro with delicious food and a lovely, cozy atmosphere. It's perfectly romantic, especially if you don't mind that your neighbors are inches away from you, but also a well-suited choice for dinner with a close friend. I'm not a particularly large person, more like a medium-sized adult, but as I made my way to the back of the room to meet a friend, I suddenly felt like an elephant in a china shop! It's pretty tight in there. Just thought I'd mention that in case anyone considering dining at this amazing establishment is claustrophobic or has personal space issues. Anyway, yummy French food and exceptional, attentive service. Place was packed, but we didn't have to wait long for drinks, food or the bill. The server checked in on us to make sure we were happy with the food and if we needed more drinks or anything like that.  *Haricot Vert Salad With Goat Cheese, Sundried Tomatoes, Almonds, Balsamic Reduction - yum! *Pan Seared Black Angus Hanger Steak With Pommes Frites and St Emilion Sauce - yum! *Apple tarte Tatin - yum!	 0
OMG! I have had duck at some many places but this place! Orgmasmic. Everything was perfect- the ambience, the wine, every item we ordered! I am so glad we came here and I will definitely be here again! In a week?	 0
If you are looking for delicious French cuisine with a quaint, intimate experience, this is the place to go! Went here for an anniversary and it was the perfect place to dine to celebrate! As expected, not only is the presentation beautiful, but the dishes are phenomenal.  Get reservations ahead of time. It can get packed. The inside is small to begin with. So ladies, just a word of caution if you bring big purses, leave it at home. You may accidentally knock over another guest's items off their table! That's how close the tables are.  Parking can be tricky as it's in a residential area. Plan ahead. It's kind of out of the way, but worth it!  Otherwise, be prepared to experience an amazing cuisine. Enjoy!	 0
We had dinner at L'Ardoise to celebrate our anniversary dinner, and it was fantastic.    We were seated at the front, right up against the window, which was a cozy spot for two.  The windows were so clean that it felt like we were sitting outside, without having to deal with the cold.  Our server was endearing, attentive, and professional.  His accent was so strong that I couldn't understand half of the words he said, but I didn't care.    The food was solid, and you can tell that the restaurant is so confident with its execution that they don't need to make things any fancier.  Everything was well-executed.  The preparation is classic, and no extra flavors are needed.    The problem with the menu is that everything sounds so good, so it's difficult to decide what to order.  To solve this, we plan to come back again.    For our appetizers, we ordered the fig, Roquefort, and arugula salad, which was a special.  It was on the sweet side, and the flavors exploded in my mouth.  My husband had the foie gras - it was delicious.    For our entrees, we ordered the salmon and filet mignon.  The salmon was cooked just enough, which was a bit raw for me, but perfect for my husband.  The filet mignon was overcooked on the outside, which was perfect for me, and correctly medium rare on the inside.  The potatoes that came with the filet mignon - I could have had them as an entree on their own.  Thicker than chips and the texture of fries.    No room for dessert, but we were definitely satisfied without it.	 0
We had a wonderful, delightful, expertly prepared meal at l'Ardoise.  I had the most delicious duck confit; crisp and tender with some of the best pommes landaises I've had in the US. My wife had the steak frites, delicious! The best was the tarte tatin!! Unbelievably delicious! Service was impeccable as well. My wife and I eat out a lot, all over the US and elsewhere, and I'm a chef, trained in Paris, with 40 years experience. I rarely have this much praise for any meal, so trust me when I tell you this one is worth the trip.	 0
Unbelievably delicious food. We ordered the coq au vin and the social pork shoulder and both were so tender we didn't need a knife. Great wine selection, great bread and great dessert. Can't go wrong here.	 0
Best tacos in SF I've ever tasted!!! Definitely a go to spot. Will be back! The lady there was so friendly and didn't mind even after we kept asking for extra limes and carrots!  El Gallo Giro is not stingy with the meat!!Juicy yes and full of flavor! Everything tasted very fresh!  We loved are tacos so much we had to take some too go!	 0
this taco truck is the bomb! the tacos are better than la taqueria, and the seasoning is just right and one doesn't have to worry about the meat quality. Get the carne asada taco and be liberal on squeezing the lime juice which cuts through the grease on the taco.  $2/taco - amazing value!!!  also the person working at the window, Stephanie, is super friendly and the sweetest person working at a food truck. She taught me some spanish phrases.   Come here after 2pm to avoid the line. To get a good dose of this deliciousness, order 3 tacos for lunch!	 0
I came here for the tacos initially and then kept coming back for the al pastor super burrito.  There are weeks I've come every other day just for the al pastor burritor...it's 2 blocks from my house and the flavor of the al pastor is just frikkin' phenemonal. This burrito is so good that I eat the left over remainders cold because I can't wait that long to bite into it again. At $7.50 per super burrito, I'm a happy gal.  Yes, it closes early at 6, but who cares. I get off work at 4 and always make it in time! Yippeee.  Be warned though, their red salsa is ridiculously spicy. Go for the green.	 0
It was a frigid day and I found this truck on a corner in sf. In a few minutes the friendly ladies produced a huge burrito with crunchy carnitas (pork) it was very warm and filling. And only cost 7.75. In San Jose I get burritos 3/4 the size of this one. Everyone in the neighborhood was nice and friendly too. Perfect place to fuel up for your work day	 0
Love coming here to enjoy the pollo, carnitas and carne asada tacos! I crave these tacos every time I'm in SF. A must go!	 0
You know about their tacos, so I'm here to rave about the burrito. The super burrito, to be exact.   All the meats I've tried have been delicious, but the burrito is an amazing vehicle to enjoy their slow cooked and marinaded meats. They layer on the melted cheese, and grill the tortilla just enough to make every bite perfect.  They people here are so nice, and it's across the street from a clean park that we go to eat at. Cash only, but worth a walk over if you're in the neighborhood.	 0
Let's be honest. No matter how trendy the food truck scene is, you're still eating food from a make-shift kitchen on four wheels. Some trucks are decent, while others need to be hosed down by a hazmat team. On the rare occasion that you experience exceptional food from a truck, I dare say you must talk about it!   For $3.00 get your fill with the most tender, juicy, spicy asada taco your tastebuds could ever jump for joy for! That price includes the soda to wash it down. I mean exceptional!!! Finger liking wipe the plate with your fingers to get the juice kinda good!  There's one long table and a few chairs to sit and eat at. Or you could take it to the park across the way. Or walk and eat.  Whatever you want to do in any manner of way you like just grab one, or two, or three and enjoy.	 0
This is the only taco truck in the Mission that I've visited but Yelp did not do me wrong. These tacos are SO GOOD. The ingredients are really fresh and I felt good after eating here. I even saw another truck pull up and start unloading boxes of fresh produce into the taco truck. I seriously dream about these tacos.	 0
If you want the crispiest carnitas, juiciest carne asada or the most tender pollo asado tacos in the city, go here. Forget La Taqueria and any other establsishment created by out of touch writers and publications.	 0
Some of the best $2 tacos that you're going to get in the Mission. This place makes some hefty, loaded tacos with a nice garnish of picked peppers and radishes. I got the Carne Asada and the Carnitas. The Carne Asada was instant greatest taco hits material, and the Carnitas was no slouch either.   Their hot sauce brings the heat, so keep that in mind if you're a tender gringo. They make the tacos fresh so expect a 5-10 minute wait. Located just across the street from a nice park where you can eat your half dozen tacos and pass out from happiness.	 0
I've had possibly the best burrito I've ever had in my life here. The chicken was super moist and flavorful. The burrito had just the right amount of sour cream, cheese, and salsa. Even the rice wasn't dry like most places. I'm usually hesitant about taco trucks but I sure don't mind coming back here! This truck deserves to become a restaurant.	 0
Read some reviews of what some people found to be the best tacos in the city. On one review this place was hands down the winner. So I decided to check them out one day while I was in the city.  The tacos here are the best I've ever had. They were so good in fact, I returned four more times duiring the week with various friends to have them check it out as well.  Not only are the tacos delicious, service is always given with a smile. You would think that with tacos this good that there would be a mass of people lined up every time you go there, but there isn't. I usually arrive with just one person ahead of me in line. The customers here are steady, but I have never experienced a back up or long line.  The asada tacos are better than any person you've ever loved and the carnitas are better than any sex you've ever had. It's that good!  Thank goodness I'll be in the city tomorrow -- time for my El Gallo Giro fix.	 0
Phenomenal!! Found on yelp after searching for the top rated taco place within 6 blocks of my location. Truck looks unassuming but the food is the absolute best. Ordered 3 tacos: al pastor, crispy carnitas, and asada. Best $6 I've ever spent on tacos.	 0
I really love tacos.  Grew up in so cal (Riverside), and have also spent a bunch of time in LA, San Diego.  Very opinionated about tacos...    To be honest, I haven't been blown away by any of the tacos I've had in San Francisco.  SF has the best burritos in the world, but the tacos just hadn't been living up to So Cal.  I've found most of them to be a bit on the bland side, kind of dry.      Until.....  This place is so, so good.  Definitely lives up to any of the best taco trucks in so cal.  Super fairly priced (4 tacos + horchata was 10 bucks), wasn't a crazy line or anything.  There's a little table right outside.   Here's the notes:  - I got 4 tacos: asada, lengua, pastor, and carnitas; and horchata  - They come with radishes, limes, and pickled jalapenos.  All of which I love.  I like to scoop the meat up with radishes at the end  - Really meaty tacos.  They don't skimp on the meat.  Awesome.  - Horchata was super good.  Not too cinnamony.  Perfect.  Can't imagine better.  - Asada was incredibly good.  I've generally had a problem with asada being too dry, but this one was super tender, awesome.  Possibly the best asada taco I can remember having.  - Pastor was incredibly good.  Definitely one of the best pastor tacos I've ever had.  Amazing.  Kind of spicy.    - Lengua also incredibly good.  I'm now realizing my review is getting kind of repetitive.  My biggest issue with some lengua is that it is a bit TOO sweet.  Not a problem here.  It was perfect and NOT too sweet, but it was still super tender like you want from lengua.  Really good.  - Carnitas was the only taco that didn't quite live up for me :/  Carnitas is usually my favorite taco, but I would say it didn't actually match up to the other tacos for me.  While I like crunchy carnitas, I found this one to be a bit too hard to chew and perhaps slightly dry.  With that said, I think it might just been an off-day for the carnitas. I bet if I got it again it would be great.  My taco ranking was: 1) Tied in first was the pastor and asada 2) Lengua 3) Carnitas  Amazing!	 0
Bomb tacos and super burrito man, I'm from Sacramento and my home boy out here in Oakland introduced me to this taco truck. We came here one night drunk and Hella late too. Man the food was good better then some restaurants out here.  I'll be visiting this spot next time I'm in town for work. Is a must!	 0
Yum yum yum. I've recently become slightly taco obsessed and I'm on a mission to find some delicious vegetarian tacos. This place is amazing. $2 per taco, loaded with veggies and HOT sauce (if you don't like spicy, get it on the side). I live in LA so I don't get to come here often but when I'm in San Francisco you can be sure I'm driving to the Mission to find this truck. Top 3 spot.	 0
Oh my am I ever so happy to have this truck a block away from my place. Hands down best veggie tacos and only $2. You get a heap of rice, beans, avocado, cilantro and lime with a spice. The ladies that work there are always smiling and friendly. My favorite place for a cheap lunch that is fresh, delicious and filling. My recommendation is to take the tacos to the park across the street!	 0
Chinese new year new and limited offerings:  Excellent black sesame peanut cake.  Really unique and beautiful balance of both flavor and texture.  Milk tea tapioca pudding with grass jelly: great flavors. My 3 weeks post partum body is not going to rebound at the rate I am consuming these desserts.  I am undecided on the black sesame kouig amman. I was quite distracted with my toddler so i will have to sample the other two in my pastry box and report back.  The mushroom open face sandwich was good but nothing spectacular so I think I shall only stick to desserts from now on.	 0
Loved each and every one of the desserts that I shared with my friends. We tried the Kouigan Amman Nature, Quiche, Peach Mango Dessert, and their hot tea. I was visiting SFO, but this is definitely a place I want to come back to again if I am in the area again.  The Kouigan Amann Nature (apparently a must try here - agreed) is a flaky bread with a slight crunchy, yet soft texture. It has just enough sweetness battered in the inside which made it extra enjoyable. The quiche tasted good, but nothing to rave about. Not many places sell quiche to begin with, so its good to know they have them here. The Peach Mango dessert so yummy!! The texture was so creamy, had the perfect sweet and tangy taste. The hot tea was unexpectedly amazing as well - for tea fanatics. I wasn't too sure what the flavor was but I took a pic of it.   TIP: you order the baked goods in the left side, then order the rest at the cashier. When the food is ready, you pick them up at the front. For the hot tea, they give you the hot water and tea cups but you choose your flavor at the right of the cashier.	 0
Two words: carbsivore heaven!   If they run out of their infamous scrumptious kouign amann, do not proceed to the cashier, just leave and come back another time. Not sure if they got better since last time I was here or more travels made me appreciate this place more. I won't spend time on describing how perfect their kouign amann is. ¡Just have it!  I couldn't spell those two words so I copied pasted from Dr. Google.  Kouign amann is a sweetish pastry that is a cousin to croissant; originated from Brittany, France.   This is a place where you eat carbs and you don't care about anything else. You will be in a deep oblivious state of any guilt or concerns.   The lovely fresh pastries fragrance detected a block away, the wonderful yet simple design, the cute marble tables, the classic bistro chairs and the whole beautiful atmosphere would satisfy many human brain centers [olfactory, optic and gustatory..].  It's a great spot to visit if you live or you're just visiting San Francisco. I used to work at Mount Zion campus and frequent this place a lot without realizing it's a real gem..	 0
Savory vs. sweet?  Savory.  Salad vs. sandwich?  Salad.  Allowing myself to be dragged to lunch at a patisserie with zero salads on their menu was essentially a trust fall.  I'll lean back into this and someone will catch me, I'll sigh with relief then laugh and talk about how great the experience was.    And damn, that's exactly what happened.   B Patisserie has a whole lot of sweets on offer (delicious looking, I'll concede) but my gravitational pull tugs in the other direction.  They also feature tartines (open-faced sandwiches, French in origin) but no salads.  I briefly looked longingly toward the plethora of restaurants around the corner on Fillmore Street but I was already queued up here.  Fact is, I'd be happy to recommit again and again and again.  The tartines ($11) at B Patisserie are remarkable, savory indulgences.  I'm certain the bread beneath my Tomato & Burrata Tartine (Tomato, Balsamic, Olive Oil, Basil) was stellar but so ample was the delicious topping that I paid it no mind.  The person who steered me here I should trust always.  She had previously tried their Turkey Lyonnaise Tartine (Roast Turkey, Bacon, Frisee Salad, Hard Boiled Eggs, Avocado Mayonnaise) and returned for round two.    The last such succulent bread-based indulgence I'd had was at San Francisco's Tartine where, despite their name, I'd had a sandwich.  Though totally different, this rivaled theirs and was rich and equally satisfying.    I may not naturally swing towards lunch at a patisserie but in the future I'll make a B-line to B Patisserie (you see what I did there?).	 0
Flaky, buttery, chocolatey, fresh, cheesy, divine, unstoppably delicious.  The must gets: - kouign: a flaky substantial dish of croissant filled with rich syrupy chocolate - the chocolate banana almond croissant: huge, fluffy, crispy, packed with a long sliver of banana and a huge chunk of fudgey chocolate  - the ham and cheese tart one: cheesy, rich, toasted and totally changed my idea on a tartine  5 stars!!!!!!	 0
b. Patisserie seriously makes me want to move to Lower Pac Heights. This Parisian-style bakery serves a large variety of pastries and tartines, but everybody knows that the best thing on the menu is the kouign amann (pronounced "queen a-mahn"). It might have a comical name, but this pastry is the real deal. Think of it as a muffin-shaped sugar-glazed croissant. Except with a bajillion times more butter, which makes it that much flakier, richer, and more calorific.  When my brother and I visited b. Patisserie, we ordered the chocolate banana almond-croissant and every flavor of kouign amann available: nature (original), apple, and chocolate. We couldn't stop smiling the whole time since everything was so delicious! My favorite one was the original version, closely followed by apple.  I will definitely be back to also try the seasonal bostock, banana bread (weekend-only), french tart flan (weekend-only), and chocolate chip cookie.	 0
The kouign amann nature changed the pastry game for me! It's like a croissant but harder and sweeter, yet it's still flaky. I wanted to order more after I finished one but I had to exercise self control. The quiche was also good, but the taste can get a little boring after a few bites. My friend said it was too eggy for her but I thought it was okay. We also tried a passion fruit mousse cake and that was interesting. I liked the texture but it was too sweet for me personally.  The cafe is very chic and clean and the staff are nice and willing to help with anything. Would definitely visit again!	 0
I love their gourmet pastries and the open decor to this place!  The presentation when walking in, is pristine and filled with warmth.  When stepping in, one can smell the fresh, baked goodness of this pastry shop.   It's a pleasant aroma and ambiance.  Make it a go-to cafe shop and it's adorned.	 0
Those croissants are to die for!!!!!!  I love this place.  My favorite is the apricot croissant, but they change it up depending on availability of the fruit.  That and a nice cup of tea ok a Saturday afternoon. Sign me up puhleaseeeeeee!	 0
Oh, this place is no good for a diet but I'm not even upset about it. So B. Patisserie is no longer a secret, people will wait in long lines at all times of the day just to order a pastry but it's well worth the wait and everyone knows that. B.Patisserie has become a Saturday tradition. I stop by on my way to go hiking and order something delish. Half of the time I have no idea what exactly I'm ordering but I don't even care because it's always good. However, if you're a tourist who is limited to visiting once, you must try the kouign amann. Hands down divine.	 0
Two words: KOUIGN AMANN  Thanks to Grace C. for blowing my mind with this unbelievable treat. I was blown away by how incredibly buttery and flaky this pastry was. As if one wasn't enough, I asked my Lyft driver to make a stop on the way to the airport. The line was creeping out the door but nothing was going to keep me from getting my hands on another box of these heavenly goodies.  The dynamic duo, composed of Belinda and Michel, have created something for The City of San Francisco by way of European pastry. Round, crusty cakes with layers of butter and sugar baked into a caramelized pastry that will send you to sugar heaven. The outside shell has a perfectly crunchy texture. Once you bite into the sugary goodness, the flakes fall apart and you get a mouth full of soft, buttery bread.   I was lucky enough to get a dozen from a fresh batch. They bake them throughout the day so you won't have to worry about them running out.   It is safe to say that b. Patisserie's Kouign Amann is at the top of my very short list of preferred pastries.	 0
I'd heard about b. Patisserie from some friends, but never had an opportunity to check it out, until this past weekend.  Tiffany Z. and I arrived around 12:30pm and surprisingly enough, there wasn't much of a line.  We even scored a parking space close by, which was an indication that we were living right that day.  As we waited in line, we leered at the assortment of pastries on the counter and immediately got extremely excited.  The famous Kouign Amann Nature's were literally within our grasp just resting upon their trays.  They seemed to be teasing us as we stood in line.    As you can imagine, my mind was going crazy with what I wanted to try, but there were so many amazing looking treats.  I know, that's hard to believe since I can eat sweets with the best of them.  After contemplating what I wanted, I finally ordered a couple of Kouign Amann Nature's, Chocolate Kouign Amann's, Pumpkin Kouign Amann, the Apple Cinnamon Almond Croissant and the Passion Fruit Bostock.    The Kouign Amann's were all crispy and flakey on the outside and ooeeey, gooeeey in the centers.  To be honest, I thought all 3 were divine.  The Chocolate Kouign Amann had the right amount of chocolate inside and it wasn't too sweet.  The Pumpkin Kouign Amann contained the right amount of Pumpkin flavor to it and the Kouign Amann Nature was pure heaven.  The Apple Cinnamon Almond Croissant was massive in size and in flavor.  It seemed to have the right amount of apples inside, along with a nice pastry shell.  The Passion Fruit Bostock made it seem like I was eating French Toast flavored with Passion Fruit.  Everything I sampled was amazeballs.  In fact, there was a lone Kouign Amann that escaped my clutches and was still uneaten the next morning.  I am happy to say it was still awesome the next day.      The staff were super accommodating and helpful.  They were very patient with everyone in line and I thought they were fantastic.  I noticed the line was now out the door as I was leaving with my box of treats.  So thankful we arrived when we did.	 0
TL;DR - LIVES UP TO THE HYPE.  Get: kouign amann, macarons. Those two items took me back to my summer in France. Legit.  I've pretty much tried everything here (hey, carbs cure my weekend hangovers, ok?) Everything is good, but nothing that stood out like the kouign amann and macarons.  KA - Flakey, crispy, melty, warm. Its not overly sweet like most places and its not flakey to the point of being dry (cough mr. holmes) Macarons - THE BEST MACARON I'VE HAD OUTSIDE OF FRANCE. It is a crispy shell on the outside and a moist chewy cookie underneath. I'm drooling writing about this now. QUICHE- Almost forgot about this amazing slice of heaven. Get it.  The cookies here are good, but not as chewy as I like (more of a thin crunchy cookie) The flavored croissants are a little too raw-dough-y in the middle for me. The cakes are good depending on the flavor (some flavors change the texture of the cake and make it a bit too dry)  But yes, that line is worth it.	 0
1 word: Kouign-amann  Other pastries are good too but the Kouign-amann at B Patisserie is hands down the best I've ever had.	 0
Line was out the door on a Sunday afternoon! Parking was alrightios, not great but not terrible. There are a few tables and seats on the side, but usually a seat will clear after you wait in the long line!   My friend ordered before I arrived and she asked for recommendations from the worker! We tried three pastries, which included zhe famous kouign amann, my favorite of the three! It was flakey, delicious and had honey or something sweet in the center. The other two flavors were pretty good too, which was a banana nutella croissant and a pumpkin spice flavored pastry.   I want to come back and order the kouign amann again, in different flavors! :)	 0
Hands down, the best Kouign-amann I've ever tasted. Nice and cripsy on the outside and soft on the inside... I've tried their regular, chocolate, and they also have a seasonal berry one that was amazingggg. Each one is about $4-$5 depending on which kind you get, so it's a bit on the pricier side, but so worth it if you've never had it.   I've been wanting to try their other pastries, but every time I'm back, I can't resist getting a kouign-amann, and then I'm too full to try anything else.... one day!	 0
2nd visit to Anchor Oyster Bar & its as good as I remembered it! There's always a long wait especially on Friday nights & weekends because the food is delicious & there's limited seating (a few tables & seating at the bar). Avoid coming with a large part because the tables accommodate up to 4 people. We lucked out on a long wait thanks to restaurant week (not offered at this restaurant) dispersing the crowds to some of the other neighboring restaurants.  Arrive before prime dinner time & write your name, party size, & arrival time on the board -- they don't take reservations nor allow you to put your name down over the phone.   We started off with the seared scallops (perfectly cooked). Cioppino was delicious - a small is a good size to share especially if you have your heart set on trying a few other items on the menu. The last dish & my favorite of the night was this special pasta dish that had a creamy lemon butter sauce. Even though I was pretty full, I could help but grab the garlic bread & soak up all of the delicious sauce.  Service was attentive and the staff was great at recommending dishes.  Note: they're temporarily cash only	 0
Yes it will probably be crowded, yes you will have to probably wait (after you sign up on Jen board outside - insider tip: don't leave, just wait it out!)  Mussels, clams, oysters, chowder, oh my!  Everything was perfect.  Ensure that you ask the server how many can eat each entree... we ordered too much, but they were very gracious to stop preparing one item as we realized we were full (in all fairness they were full and it was taking a little longer for this order, so they also took our drinks off of the total price of our meal - gracious server)  So they may be a slow, enjoy your meal and sit and take a load off.  It will be worth it.   Thanks for being a gem!	 0
The CIOPPINO. blew. me away.  It's THE BEST.  And I've had cioppino at 3 different places in the Bay Area now.  The small was so hot and brimming full of seafood, I couldn't even finish it.  And as small as I am, I do not waste food.  It's unfortunate, mussels were the casualty I left behind.  There was a true assortment of seafood:  fish (possibly sea bass - awesome texture), clams, Dungeness crab, 2 HUGE shrimp, and two types of mussels.  Along with my cioppino, I had a glass of Russian River Chardonnay and an assortment of 3 different oysters.  Altogether, my bill for 1 came to $75.    The place is cozy but truly a gem on Castro.  Service was impeccable too.	 0
This nautical themed restaurant in the Castro will fulfill all your seafood craving needs! You can easily spot the anchor decorations while walking down Castro St. We were walking by around 4PM on a Sunday and locals were already lining up and recommending we wait around to sign up as soon as they opened. Luckily it wasn't too full by 5:30PM and my party 6 were able to get seated right away (all people must be present before you can have a table).  Our favorite dishes? The CIOPPINO! You can either get a large one to share (good for 2-3 ppl), or get the small one for yourself. Actually you can probably split the small one with another person along with a side dish. The tomato broth was light with a bit of spice. There were lots of prawns, mussels, clams, and crab legs in this dish. The best part was the complimentary garlic bread it came with! Dip the bread into the tomato broth and it's the best thing ever. I'm drooling as I write this review. The WILD PRAWNS plate was also tasty with juicy prawns and steamed veggies. You should also order the RAW OYSTERS and get a mix of them, they were all very sweet and fresh! Basically all the seafood tasted fresh and my boyfriend's family from the east coast enjoyed everything.   Service was pretty quick and friendly.   Tips: - Come early to put your name down - Small groups work best (max 4-6 ppl because tables are small)	 0
After trying Sotto Mare for their supposedly famous cioppino I have to say I want impressed with it and my hubby and I decided we needed to come back to anchor to satisfy our cioppino craving. Anchor's cioppino is one of my top favorites. They use huge prawns and a good amount of dungeness crab in theirs. I usually don't like mussels but their seafood is so fresh that I even thought the mussels were decent. The anise flavor I mentioned last time was more subtle this time and I actually liked it in the cioppino this time.   The steamed clams is still one of my favorite broths. I've got to try and recreate that at home.   On a weds at 6pm we still had a 1 hour wait for 4 ppl, but it's worth the wait.	 0
This is a great oyster bar and they have good food and the menu is great. I feel that food is fresh and it's pretty decent dining spot.   I must however note that the house wine made me and my wife sick one time, definitely not a great quality.  It's also a place that does not sit you and your party even if you arrived earlier than everyone and are really hungry.  There is a weird sign in sheet outside where you enter your name and amount of people in your party and you wait outside, sometimes there are 10-15 people camped outside in a wind or under a very bright sun. They also play favorites, right in front of us after waiting for 20 minutes they let a couple with a kid in without the wait based on some personal criteria.  Service sucks as they ignore you for a long period of time before serving you, it's very impolite and offensive service.  Price is high, expect to pay at least $100 per person for a decent sized meal, I would say stay away for the most part - it's not worth the hype.	 1
Sat at the bar on a Monday evening enjoyed good company with local oyster lovers with wonderful service. It's a wait and sometimes I hear it's an extremely long one but Worth It. Had Green Lip Mussels, pasta of the day with clams, Scallops added. It was perfection. With a bottle of bubbles. Draft beers are well priced and wine list is good. Pairs well with the amazing food. Highly recommend.	 0
Come at an off hour so that you won't have to wait long!   I usually share the garlic bread and cioppino (small) with 2-3 people. Garlic bread is toasted and flavorful, and great for dipping in the cioppino. They have great specials as well - scallops are always perfect! Only thing I was so-so on was the house wine. I thought it was a good deal but it was a little disappointing. I would upgrade to a different one next time.	 0
Simple menu with outstanding quality. Be prepared to wait at peak times.  Small place.  Be sure to check their specials.	 0
What a wonderful place.  We were lucky and showed up with only a 10 minute wait.  We ordered the dungeoness crab with a few other things and the food came within about 20 minutes.  I love the fact that you have to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom.  This gave me a chance to speak with the chef and get some advice on favorite dishes and best ways to prepare the crab.  As we were eating the server came up and brought champagne glasses and requested that we join in on a toast.  The restaurant was just turned into a landmark by the city after 40 years of being in business.  This was an amazing treat since we were there celebrating an amazing trip with our families to San Francisco and discussing our future.    What a great time and an awesome little restaurant.  Thank you!	 0
Superb food.  Worth the wait and expense. Two hungry adults not on diets split 12 perfect oysters,  a nice Caesar salad big enough for 3,  and the small cioppino.  Easily feed three people. Two beers.  Out the door for 124 including tip. We were stuffed.  Did not finish the cioppino which was incredibly good.  Highly recommended. Double yum rating by me.	 0
A friend visiting from out of town wanted to try Anchor Oyster Bar due to the high ratings on Yelp. I've had it bookmarked for quite some time but never made an attempt to dine here, mostly because of the long waits and it being a bit out of the way for me. However, I figured a visitor in town is the perfect reason to go!   We arrived on Sunday at 3:55pm, right before they open. We were 4th in line. Luckily, it was also the same night as the NBA Game 7, so it wasn't busy!   Between the 3 of us, we ordered   Boston clam chowder - thick and creamy. No complaints here!  Full order of the Anchor Special - we wanted to get a dozen oysters, but for about $10 more we decided to get the Anchor special which includes a dozen oysters, 4 prawns and a bowl of steamed clams. The oysters were amazing! There were 3 different kinds, and each were delicious. Prawns were a nice size and cooked perfectly, and the clams were tasty as well. Use either the complimentary bread or garlic bread to dunk in the broth!!   Cioppino - this was what we were most excited about. We ordered the large and it was more than enough for me and 2 guys that have huge appetites. This is a MUST order!! There's a reason why this is their most popular dish. Shrimp, clams, mussels, crab, fish all in the most ridiculous broth.   Garlic bread - perfect for dunking!!!!!   Service was extremely friendly.	 0
The best seafood I've had in SF! Totally fell in love with the combo seafood steamers and cioppino! Come here, you won't regret it.	 0
The lines are always long for a reason! I thought I would see if going solo would make the wait shorter last Saturday but no such luck on that particular day. After watching a party of two get seated ahead of me, I complained to the hostess.  I think her name is Susan. She is delightful! She immediately diffused my crabbiness by being empathic, responsive and kind. She brought me a complimentary cup of clam chowder and promptly seated me as soon as the next counter seat was available.  Really amazing customer service and the staff is cheerful and accommodating despite the close quarters. Oh, and the food is delicious BTW! One word: Cioppino!	 0
Anchor Oyster Bar is a must try if you're in the area. We waited 30 minutes before it opened, and there was already one couple before us. It's a very small and cozy restaurant, so get acquainted with the people around you.   Anchor Specials was a good start to try a little bit of everything! A full order is a dozen oysters, with steamed clams, and some chilled prawns. No doubt the oysters were good and fresh. Clam chowder was solid. Sauteed wild prawns was good but not as memorable as the cioppino. The Cioppino was definitely the highlight of the meal. Super hearty and delicious! We had to order extra garlic bread for it too. And it was a generous portion for two that we got to take some home. Best leftover ever!	 0
Nothing beats some seafood on a rainy night. I've had this location bookmarked for the longest time and finally had the chance to give it a try. Dropped by and was able to find parking less than a block away on the streets and maneuvered quickly through the pouring rain to sign up on the wait list. The restaurant is literally 5 tables big and only has one bar length table to hold 6-8 people. I'd say 25 people max in the restaurant so the wait was pretty long. The host told us it was going to be one hour + of a wait.... and he was RIGHT. We tried to find shelter from the rain close by at Philz Coffee while there was a bench stationed outside the restaurant but it was packed and wet from the rain.   After a loooong wait, we were finally seated and on our way to dive in on the food.  We ordered:  Small Clam chowder - very flavorful and delicious, perfect sizing appetizer for one person   Oyster shooter - bigger than most places, very flavorful sauce with a big oyster piece at the bottom of it... Celery included to kill the strong taste in your mouth afterwards  Mussels in white wine sauce- this has got to be the hugest mussels I've eaten... It was literally so meaty and served in a huge dish plate. I think it's a great proportion to split it between two people. The sauce was filled with herbs and garlic pieces... I just felt like drinking the broth at one point. 5 star dish!!!   Jumbo prawn pasta - This was our carbs of the dinner supported once again HUGE prawns. Delicious flavoring for the pasta and once again great proportion to split!   Despite the long long wait in a tiny local restaurant I think the food here is AMAZING and along with great professional customer service... It just has to be a 5 star location.   PS: The day we went, waiting line board said cash only but I believe do accept cards usually...	 0
Delicious, healthy, sustainably harvested organic free-range food that is made with heart & soul.   I had a hard time deciding between the tasty menu selection, but chose the garden pizza amazingness with sausage added & it rocked my socks. Definitely doing that again.  From order to first bite, less than 6 minutes transpired. It was incredible.   May you enjoy your socks being rocked as well.	 0
You need to go. They are in a bad area with lots of troubled foot traffic and yet they smile while they take your order. Pizza is good especially when you put the arugula on top. Fresh and quality ingredients put together quickly by people who care. Who doesn't love eating outside at a picnic table?	 0
Kelly the Birthday gal and owner was working today. I was with my sister at Rainbow Groceries and saw a pizza sign , so we made a sharp left and checked out this very cool space! Organic pizza yummy!!! Great coffee, Raspberry soda. What a nice surprise . Kelly was charming and let us try her salami pizza. It was awesome !! She is at the farmers market in Walnut Creek too but I'll probably just visit her after my grocery shopping. Thank you!!	 0
My wife and I instantly fell in love with Kelly and her pizza when we visited the Walnut Creek Farmers market for the first time. We were hooked and were there ordering her Farm Fresh pizza every Sunday. Sometimes two of them. You can see and taste the love and care she puts into everything she makes. Everything is locally sourced, fresh and of the best quality.	 0
Chicks and Love Pizza and i met at the Orinda Farmers Market 0ct 10th.2010,  their breakfast "flatbread" pizza was a revelation. i was floored by such a deliz meal (review #2400)  met them again in walnut creek (7/21/2012) and in danville (12/5/15). danville now closed.  organic eggs from own chicks raised in backyard. honey comes from bees raised.in same area.  eats: margherita pizza (9) -handcrafted flatbread crust with fresh mozzarrela, basil, parmesan cheese, organic, tomato sauce, olive oil, chives, salt & pepper." -baked? in a turbojet oven, heated air cooks pizza from top and bottom. -crunchy, tasty, subtle taste, no artificial flavor/ingredients. tastes fab with egg, mushrooms, the works. had it before. back to basics. still fab.  take outs: -parking available in rainbow grocery garage but it had a line -lucky to find street parking. -"pizza" smaller than regular pizza, still worth the extra dough.. -organic and fresh ingredients used. -located just outside rainbow grocery where cafe used to be.	 0
Two chicks started making pizza at the Walnut Creek farmers market, then opened this corner stand a few months ago on a whim. They raise their own hens which means farm fresh eggs on their breakfast pizzas, and they also have their own bees which means fresh honey mixed into the dough. The result is clean, delicious pizza! The bread is so thin and crisp I almost feel like I'm still doing low carb!	 0
Today was my boyfriend and I's first anniversary together and we're glad we started it off here at Chicks and Love! We had the Spinach Mushroom and Farmer Fresh pizza and we loved it. Chef Kelly and her wife were very friendly and their service was excellent. I highly recommend this place to anyone. I would come here more often, but I don't live in SF. If I happen to be in town, I will definitely always stop by here :)	 0
Had lunch with colleagues and really enjoyed sitting in the sun and having a delicious pepperoni and mushroom flatbread pizza! Kellie Joe and her staff are always so friendly and a pleasure to support! Looking forward to checking out her breakfast sandwich soon!	 0
Great Food, Great People, Highly recommend.  The pizza is made fresh, on house made dough (delicious). And they are very friendly!	 0
A cozy and sun-dappled nook on the freeway side of Rainbow Groceries, is a delicious place to grab an amazing, handmade, fresh-out-of-the-oven crispy flatbread from the gastronomic geniuses behind Chicks and Love, whom I've previously visited at various weekend farmers markets in the East Bay. My favorite concoction is the Farm Fresh pizza, which features crumbled sausage, fresh mozzarella, and a sous vide farm fresh egg on top of an organic crust. The crust is so good here you may even buy it separately! They also have GF crusts for your friends who are are gluten impaired.	 0
A perfect spot for a quick and delicious bite. The pizzas are beautifully crafted, with smart and tasty toppings and a luscious crust.	 0
So so yummy! I first had Chicks and Love at the Walnut Creek farmers market, and am SO PLEASED they are now outside my favorite grocery store! Delicious delicious fresh pizza and friendly service.  Yum, yum!	 0
What an awesome little lunch spot! The pizza is delicious-- thin, crunchy crust, very fresh veggies. And the patio itself is really lovely!	 0
I stumbled upon this place while picking up a few things at Rainbow (located right by their parking lot). Sadly I had stocked up an assortment of snack things but decided to plop down for a cup of coffee and some catch up paperwork. While I heard everyone rave about the pizza, I really loved hearing the owner interact with each customer. If she hadn't met them before, she made a point of asking their names, explaining the menu and ensuring quality customer service. In addition to this amazing personal touch, she takes such pride in her product! She was explaining the sourcing for some products and how it is the best around--which I really believe. It's so refreshing when really loves and stands behind their product, while being genuinely friendly. Can't wait to come back and eat all the pizza.	 0
Love, fresh  Italian style pizza, lots of choices. The patio is renovated and inviting. A great lunch spot.	 0
I knew this place back when it was only in a couple farmers markets and seeing it grow into It's own restaurant is amazing but not surprising. The quality has only gotten better through the years. I had a margherita pizza with a farm fresh egg and it was fantastic. You can really taste the difference between any regular pizza place and the locally sourced and organic ingredients used at Chicks and Love. And the owner and operator Kellie Joe is just one of the friendliest people i know. Really a great and kind person to know and call a friend whenever i come back for more. I highly recommend chicks and Love to anyone who stumbles upon it, it won't disappoint. And don't be afraid to try the farm fresh egg!!!!	 0
Ok, y'all. I must let you in on the delicious little secret that is Chicks and Love Pizza Patio. This sweet little spot located adjacent to the Rainbow Grocery on Folsom offers fantastic and fresh flatbread pizzas. My absolute favorite is the pepperoni with mushrooms (mushrooms are extra cost). Before you can even get your hands on this flatbread pizza masterpiece you can smell the heavenly pepperoni from your lovely sun drenched picnic table located in the cozy patio. I literally dance right on over to the order window but that's mainly because of the upbeat and funky beats coming out of the speaker in the patio. Please make every effort to treat yourself to some delicious pizza without all the usual pizza dough guilt.	 0
This place is a little pizza sanctuary tucked near the Rainbow Grocery. Once you're within the patio it's easy to forget you're standing underneath an overpass; the atmosphere is very cute and laid back.  We tried a breakfast sandwich and a margherita pizza. The crust on the pizza was delightfully light and crisp and had just the right amount of cheese and sauce. The breakfast sandwich had fresh arugula(my favorite green) in it, and I got to watch Kelly lay a perfectly soft boiled egg onto the flatbread before folding it up like a taco. The pizzas can be wrapped up to go, but the sandwich is best enjoyed on the patio; I accidentally tilted it the wrong way as she handed it to me and dripped egg on my hands.   Can't wait to come back and try all the other pizzas!	 0
This is such a cute place that serves great flatbread pizza!  Tried the Farm Fresh with spinach and mushroom which was fantastic with the most perfect sous vide egg.  The spinach and mushroom pizza was also outstanding with a drizzle of truffle oil.  I love love love truffle oil!  Grool.  Awesome friendly service and nice upbeat music is also a plus!	 0
My first time trying Ethiopian food and Tadu did not disappoint! I ordered beef sambussa for an appetizer and the vegetable combo with lamb tibs for my entree, which could have served 2-3 people. Wish I could have brought my leftovers back home with me but unfortunately I had to head straight to the airport afterwards for a flight. The beef sambussa came with a spicy sauce and was piping hot and delicious. It was a bit on the greasy side, but extremely yummy. The vegetable combo and lamb tibs was presented on an unfurled piece of injera, which is a spongey sort of flatbread. The first thing I thought of when I looked at it was my slight case of "trypophobia" (don't look it up on Google if you're uncomfortable with images of clustered, small holes)...but the subtle taste and texture was amazing. There was also a side of extra rolled up injera for you to eat the wat (Ethiopian stew that has a similar consistency to hummus). I personally LOVED the types of wat I got - they were so flavorful and some of them definitely had a kick to them.  The lamb tibs were also quite yummy and I loved the smokiness to them.   Ambience-wise, the place is quite colorful and cute. It's very small and probably only seats less than 20 people. The food comes out very quickly. One slight detraction to the restaurant is its location in Tenderloin, a neighborhood that slightly gives me the heebie-jeebies as a young woman by myself. As I did not feel comfortable walking in the area, I simply Ubered to and from the restaurant - no big deal. The food definitely makes this place worth it! And the service was awesome. Check it out!	 0
Most definitely one of my favorite Ethiopian restaurants!! My mom is quite a foodie, and didn't like Ethiopian food after I brought her to a different Ethiopian restaurant. I told her to give it one more shot& brought her here. this place totally changed her opinion on Ethiopian food!! We've been here 2 times in the last week   Usually order the veggie combo.. nice to get a little bit of everything. 4 different Ethiopian dishes & served w salad and injera (pancake like bread). I don't know why but my mom loves how this place slice the injera into smaller pieces (most Ethiopian places I've been to serve the injera in giant pancake shape)  some Ethiopian places don't seem to have the best service.... (not sure why)... but this place was very friendly. the lady that cooks& takes orders is very nice& welcoming   will definitely be back!	 0
One of my favorites, Tadu has never disappointed me. I have been there almost 20 times already and take anyone who visits San Francisco. Tucked away on a not so glamorous Tenderloin area, this is really a gem of a place. On some days you do have to wait as it's really a popular place and since the seating space is not much, there can be a bit of a wait, but it's always worth it. The sambusa and the veggie combo are the best on the menu. The flavors are extremely well balanced. You must try the Ethiopian coffee as well! Injiras are soft and flavorful as well. A total value for money!	 0
I've had this spot bookmarked for the longest time since I love Ethiopian food -- glad I finally had a chance to try it!  Nice small family run restaurant with impeccable service. They checked on us multiple times to see how the food was & if we needed anything. Like all the Ethiopian restaurants I've been to (& it's honestly quite a few!), there's a sink outside the restroom since it's customary to eat with your hands. Look mom, no utensils!   We started off with the Beef Sambussa appetizer which was perfectly crispy & very flavorful -- a must order! If you're not quite sure what to order, the veggie combo platter is a good place to start & to that depending on how hungry you are, you can add some protein dishes. For two people, a Veggie Combo Platter plus Lamb Tibs was more than enough. In fact we were stuffed silly but a good kind of full since the food was so delicious! The veggie platter came with yellow & red lentils as well as collard greens. My favorites were the lamb tibs & yellow lentils. I love the experience of eating Ethiopian food because it's very colorful & the spongy injera is the perfect way to scoop up bite sizes of deliciousness. They must've recognized my friend who is a regular since they gave us complimentary dessert.  Perfect for smaller parties. It's a small spot so if you come with a party larger than 4 you might have some difficulty finding a large enough table. They deliver via Eat24.   Tadu, thanks for the wonderful food & great service. Looking forward to the next visit!	 0
Excellent food and service! We had a great experience at Tadu from the moment we walked in. The space is small but we got a table for two immediately at 8:15 on a Saturday night. We ordered the beef sambussa, veggie combo and lamb tibs. Sambussa were flavorful and perfectly crisp. They also came with a really good dipping sauce (next time I'll ask them to keep that at the table for the meal--it's a great condiment).  Veggie combo and lamb were perfect. I liked the lentil wat and cabbage/potato the best. We weren't crazy about the salad in the middle. The lamb tibs were cooked perfectly! The njera here is really light:airy and not too sour. It was the perfect accompaniment!  For about $40 including tip, this is now one of our favorite places in the nabe.	 0
I've been a lover of Ethiopian food for some time & i gotta say this place is pretty delicious. This placed turned my extremely picky Jamaican boyfriend into a lover as well. Every time we're in San Fran he wants to come back for more. Even the presentation on your plate is beautiful! The injera = delicious, veggie combo = delicious , kitfo =delicious... I posted a picture a while back of the kitchen staff and although they are not Ethiopian they definitely know how to cook the food! Tadu I'll be back soon for some of your delicious food.	 0
The Ethiopian food here was amazing and the service was great-- the people here were so nice. You've got to try it. I got the beef tibs, which had beef and grilled veggies, and comes with salad and injera. I have also had their veggie combo which is very good. I am looking forward already to coming back already and trying something else. You know when you have one of those meals that you keep thinking about even after you've left? That's how I feel with this place. The meat was so flavorful and tender and well seasoned and was perfectly complimented by the other sides. A balanced and very filling meal. You can get endless injera so you'll definitely be full at the end of your meal! Great for lunch or dinner, and smiles all around. They also do delivery, which is super convenient. Highly recommend it!	 0
I'll start by saying to get the veggie combo and meat tibs if you've never had Ethiopian before. Very good way to get a nice experience with a variety of foods.  Overall, really, really good. We split the above among 3 people with sambusas and didn't finish all of the food. Service was quick and kind.  The lamb tibs were amazing. Perfect sear on the outside with juicy tender lamb on the inside, spiced perfectly. Be warned, this will have a little kick to it. The veggie plate was loaded with goodness, including some of the best collard greens I've ever eaten.  One thing I have to add for those who haven't spent much time in San Francisco - this place is located a little bit into Tenderloin. Tenderloin has a lot of homeless folks. If that will make you uncomfortable, Uber or Lyft in.	 0
This is BY FAR the BEST Ethiopian food in the Bay, and as I love Ethiopian food, I've been to at least 7 or 8 in the area. Flavorful, delicious, absolutely delectable! If the food didn't speak for itself, the service is wonderful. It was my moms birthday and when they found out, they gave us appetizers and baklava on the house, and played an old Hindi happy birthday song over the speakers that she knew from her childhood; it made her day!	 0
Best Ethiopian food i've had, and I have had a lot (admittedly in the US, not the source). The flavors are intense and amazingly different from one of those little piles on the injera to the next. I highly recommend the Vegetarian Combo (on the specials menu) and Lamb or another Tibs. This will serve 3 and probably 4 people.  Lamb was ridiculously good, grilled and then mixed with a flavorful sauce of onions and tomatoes and a bit of heat. Even a couple of little bones to suck on. I looked up the dishes on the veggie combo and most are variations of lentils and chickpeas, yet each tasted completely unique.  I have been trying to make injera and had a conversation with the cook about how they make theirs which is excellent. It's mostly teff but does have some wheat flour. There is an imported, gluten-free pure teff injera available but the house made is better and also cheaper. Get that unless you are gluten intolerant.  Tiny place, zero atmosphere unless you count the friendly people and the homemade drawings on the walls. But who cares... you are here for the food and it is great.	 0
The next time someone comes to visit San Francisco and asks me where to eat, this will be at the top of my list of recommendations!! I have not had Ethiopian food in years, and Tadu reminded me of everything I was missing out on. The food here is incredible, and I'm starting to crave the Lamb Tibs and House Salad as I'm sitting here and writing this review.   I came here at around 6:30 PM on a Friday evening. That or earlier is probably the best time to show up, because there are only a handful number of tables in this restaurant, and by the time I left with my friends, there were tons of people waiting outside. On that note, come with 2 to 4 people per table. This is not designed for large groups.  The Lamb Tibs were incredible. Very fresh, flavorful, and filling. I especially loved the house salad. It sounds simple, but the dressing is so so addicting. Personally I could not finish this plate alone, but then again I have a tiny appetite. I'll be back very soon and very often!	 0
This is unexpected find!  It looks inconspicuous from the outside, just like any regular mom and pop place. There are some small tables cramped together on the inside for intimacy among the guests. But boy, don't let it fool you! Who cares about the look when they got the bomb food?  One portion of beef berbere banatu was enough for two of us. (we even struggled to finish it!) It's a hearty tender chunks of beef mixed with pieces of Injera. The spice! I don't know what's the exact combination of the spice is, but the flavor! Spicy, right amount of salt, a bit sourness and delicious aroma. And how fun it is to eat with your hand as you scoop the meat with the injera? And that vegetable side dishes they got? I want a tub of it. What a bang for the bucks. It seems like it's family run too which really gives it a homey vibe. (Support more family owned venue!)  This shall be my go to for Ethiopian fare.	 0
Been going here for years. They always have the best products and I always find exactly what I need.   I make the trip out from the east bay just to go here.	 0
This place is a treasure!!! I have a slight obsession with Turkish delight. I live in the South Bay, and it can be hard to find the good stuff. Cue Samiramis. Lots of Turkish delight and malban. Lots. Freshly imported blocks right as you walk in, boxes and boxes, and bins and bins of all kinds. From the simple flavors, to individually wrapped soft nougat rolled in beautiful fried rose petals. The gentleman working the counter was very kind, and knowledgeable about his products. He offered me a couple samples when he saw what I was looking for which were absolute heaven! He giggled and said *I know my customers*. Charming! I also picked up some fresh za'atar and some dry falafel mix.  My only regret is that I basically only stayed to two areas of the store- the Turkish delight section, and the dry spice cubicle up front. I was so over the moon having found my precious treat, I couldn't fathom the idea that there would actually be more awesomeness around every corner. Shame on me for ignoring all the baked goods, international products, and all the other goods the store has to offer. He explained the instructions for the falafel mix. We are excited to try it! We will definitely be back. There is lots more Turkish delight for me to try, and so much to explore!	 0
One of the best middle Eastern grocery store with the great variety, quality and supports local communities such as Armenian Food Festival Sept. 9, 10 and 11 Friday- Sunday On Brotherhood way SF	 0
Came back at 12 and got my doog, lavashak and zereshk! Kheili doost daram!  :( can someone please update Yelp If they are not open on Sunday's or not open at 10am on sundays. I woke up early to get here right at 10 so I can go shopping before going to church and they weren't open by 10:20! I am still empty handed- no zereshk, no lavashak, no Persian goodness. I will update my one star when my sadness is remedied.	 0
I am so happy I found a Middle Eastern grocery store in SF! They have all the essentials: pita bread, yogurt, medjool dates, basmati rice, tea, etc. While Arab owned, they carry Persian food products as well. I was able to buy zereshk (barberries), doogh, and Persian ice cream and faloodeh.    The owners are super nice!	 0
Best selection of za'atar, baharat and other spice blends by far. They carry Al-wadi tahini (the best!) and import very-difficult-to-find Lebanese olive oil. Family has been in the Mission for years. (3rd generation owned now.) Every middle eastern product you can imagine, with various brands and variations to choose from. Combine their incredible selection with warm and helpful service....I now fold in some of the owner's kindly shared Palestinian kitchen secrets to my Israeli recipes. Support Samiramis!	 0
This family biz has been around for 80 years and it it wonderful! The 3rd generation owner told me they used to sell musical instruments, then records. He also told me that famous stars from Egypt would come perform back in the day. Now they've moved mainly to grocery, but still have a few CDs and ouds. Support them!	 0
Just tried a new local product from "Sinbad ". ... Made locally I loved & best was No Soy - No dairy & No perserveatives !!! Hummus was to die for n I really like the convent salads & Baba Ganoush too ... Amazing!!!	 0
I got it into my head that I wanted to try my hand at cooking a Lebanese meal (that's happened to everyone, right?). A traditional Lebanese treat is ma'amoul, a kind of cookie flavored with rosewater and filled with dates (or pistacios, or walnuts). You can shape them by hand, but they're prettier when made in a mold. So, of course, I needed a ma'moul mold right away.   Since I was in the neighborhood, I stopped in at Samiramis Imports in the Mission. Fine purveyor of all things Middle Eastern (and other things too) for decades. As soon as I walked in, I knew I was in the right place. The scent of spices, coffee, briny olives and sandalwood greeted me as I checked out the bulk spices. I wandered over to the shelves with pomegranate syrup and date molasses. Rose water and pickled eggplant. Nuts soaking in honey. I turned around and smiled at the different grades of bulghur, semolina, chickpea flour, and a selection of teas. Olive oils, not the Italian or Spanish variety I'm used to seeing, but oils from all over the middle east.  The refrigerator case in the back was stocked with so many different unfamiliar cheeses that it was very hard not to buy one of each, skip the cooking and just have a cheese tasting instead. "Next time, next time," I kept telling myself.  A very nice guy who was running the store helped me find the ma'moul molds. I was expecting them to be wooden, and when I asked about that he told me that the wooden ones are made in Syria. Apparently, exporting ma'amoul molds is not at the top of Syria's to-do list these days. Plastic will have to suffice.  Of course I walked out of there with a bag full of stuff. But I exercised some self restraint---I'll be back for the fresh pita, the olive oil, and some of those cheeses. I will definitely be back.	 0
Authentic, Pleasant, Inexpensive.   This place is the real deal. My parents are from the Middle East so I grew up on a lot of this stuff. Everything you'd find in a market in the Middle East is magically imported to Samiramis. Everything is genuinely authentic, surprisingly fresh, and shockingly inexpensive for such rare items!   From the bread (amazeballs) to the spices, to the dates, yogurt, cheeses, olives, I could be here all day.   This is the place to get your home sick fixin' of the Middle East, or you've come to find out what you are missing out on. Yeah, I'm biased, but Middle Eastern food is the tits. My friends who've had my cooking tend to spontaneously sing "A Whole New World!".  Even the vegetarians.   Message me if you want some ideas on what to make, recipes, or what to try!	 0
This place is great.  Try the breads.   Candies are unbelievable.   Spices and middle eastern goodies fruits and groceries.  Nice guys at the counter.  I am lucky to live nearby.	 0
Great place to shop if you are looking for quality mejdool dates and other Mediterranean products	 0
My Iraqi family approves. Great selection, great owner. They have excellent za'atar as well (3 types in bulk, and more packaged). They have other bulk spices, bulk olives, and bulk sweets. Basically standard Middle Eastern foods you'd find at your local Nana's market. :)	 0
This is the best middle Easter market in San Francisco. I grew up in Lebanon and I go there to get the foods that you simply cannot buy anywhere else. From their spices to their huge moist dates to the cheeses and so on. They also have some terrific baked good, like a meat breakfast pizza that is delicious. The guys running the store are sweethearts, super helpful pleasant and polite. This place is the real deal.	 0
Prubechu is a food experience gold mine.  They serve Chamorro food with a twist.  You will be amazed by all the wonderful flavors that are incorporated into each dish.  The base of the dish is traditional but the chef has added an element or two to evelate it to something that is both  surprising and game changing.  We had the tasting menu and every course was delicious.  We had six coruses and were delighted wirh each one.  The coconut candy ice cream for desert was mind blowing - creamy and coconutty with crunchy surprises mixed in. Yum!  If you have not had a taste of Guam you must visit Prubechu.  It's definitely not Nana's cooking but let me tell you she taught her Grandsons well.   Biba Prubechu!	 0
Food was incredible and unlike anything I've had before. Had the tasting menu, and they adjusted it to vegetarian (vegan would also be easy to do).   Server was absolutely lovely. Will be back again hopefully soon.	 0
While visiting the Bay Area, I've eaten at my share of restaurants, most of which met my expectations.    However, I was amazed to see the staff of the Prebechu establishment can not only give exceptional service, but can do so with a small amount of employees. As someone who works as a server himself, I can assure you that this is no easy task.   The presentation of each dish was complemented with a simple yet enticing summary from the server. We were well taken care of throughout our dining experience.   As for the cuisine? It was obvious each dish was beautifully and skillfully prepared. I was thoroughly pleased to encounter dishes that incorporate flavors from the pacific, in the city by the bay . Prebechu restaurant will always have a customer whenever I am visiting San Francisco .	 0
Best tasting menu in SF. Worth every penny. These guys are the real deal. Perfect date spot.	 0
Really amazing prix fixe menu at this place... totally unexpected experience and great food in the Mission. Really interesting take on food from Guam and a host of really unusual and delicious flavors.  Been a while since we ate here, but remember a couple of the amazing courses...  1) Egg with ham, asparagus and pea puree. Great egg and ham combo and the asparagus was really nice 2) Short rib with au jus like sauce and peas - amazing and succulent 3) Spiced Chicken in curry / saffron sauce 4) Sorbet with crema and black sesame seeds  Definitely go here and try the tasting menu...  looking forward to going back.	 0
The best part of living in San Francisco: FOOD. Have you ever had Guamanian food? Me neither. Do yourself a favor and EAT HERE. Like yesterday. Let me tell you: to DIE FOR. Guam style flatbread with tuba butter. Butternut squash soup with ginger, garlic, fried Brussels sprouts, persimmon, macadamia. Fried egg with black truffle caviar, white beans, avocado, homemade Spam. Homemade chicken sausage with coconut milk soaked spinach, fried chicken skin, boonie pepper paste. Guam style rice porridge with fried onion, black sesame, spinach. Pork tenderloin in a sweet beet paste with carrot, potatoes, island herbs and beet sprouts. And finally sugared coconut ice cream with sea salt and black sesame. Service: 10 stars, food: 1 000 stars. You can really tell the check enjoys cooking and enjoys sharing it with others.	 0
One of the better chef's menus I've had in SF. All the dishes were tasty and very flavorful. Price is reasonable and I was very full at the end of the meal.   Favorite dish: egg and homemade spam. Super good!! Can't wait to go back and take the bf for a try.	 0
Absolutely fabulous! One of the best prix fixe menus we have had in SF. The food was clever, delicious, beautifully presented. Everyone working there was beyond lovely, and made us feel that we were at home during our meal. We feel so lucky to have found this incredible restaurant.	 0
I'm Chamorro and I wouldn't recommend this place. Food had no flavor, dry meat and no taste with red rice.  Not my island experience.	 1
I came into this establishment last night after walking around mission street looking for something interesting to cure my hunger. My friend and I stumbled into this small yet intimate Guam restaurant. We had never tried Guam food, so we thought... Why not?! Let's give it a try. Our expectations were beyond exceeded. We ordered just about everything on the menu including the to die for red wine and banana bunuelo desert! Every plate was brought to us in a course style, which we enjoyed so much! Our waiter was extremely friendly and took the time to describe every dish to us. You could definitely sense his Iove for the food. I'm so glad we discovered this place. We will definitely be coming back the next time we are in SF.	 0
Dinner review.  Too many dishes to list out. This place is amazing. Authentic Guam food that is delicious and presented well.  Five course tasting option is all off menu and is a great experience.  Friendly and welcoming service from Guam locals.  Overall, for Guam style dishes in the city this is undoubtedly "as good as it gets."	 0
Great service, excellent food. Incredible value for the money. Most restaurants of this quality cost WAY more.	 0
This place is incredible!. The food is amazing and creative.  The hospitality is so warm and intimate.  Love the island style with gourmet quality.	 0
This is my current favorite restaurant, which is great since I live blocks away. I had never heard / had food from Guam before, even though I've flown through their airport a few times criss-crossing the pacific on the way to other islands. Even if I had, I'm not sure it would have held up--these folks are wizards in the kitchen!  They definitely know their audience--young, more affluent, hip, and on the hunt for interesting, fun food. The range of flavors is great, their tasting menu is generous and inexpensive (compared to places of similar caliber of food), and the folks working there are passionate about what they're doing.  They've got a great selection of funky sour beers, which pair wonderfully with their foods, and the waitstaff have never led me astray.  I'll definitely be coming back on the reg.	 0
Where do I begin...? The boo and I did the Chef's Special 7 course meal, and loved it all!! I don't want to share too much because I want to be able to get a table here in the future, but damn, this is freaking amazing food.	 0
One star is not even worth for this restaurant. Well, maybe one star for decent service. We had shrimp ceviche, potato soup and Spring vegetables.   Potato soup ($9) was quite blend.   Shrimp ceviche ($18) was just okay. It had pita type of breads on the bottom, which was not fresh at all. It tasted like the breads were sitting in the freezer for long time.   Spring veges($17) comes with seasonal veges and coconut sauce. It was a best dish that we had in the restaurant but It's hard to mess up with coconut sauce. It was nothing special for the price.   I wouldn't come here again :(	 1
Amazing tasting menu. Super unique take on South Pacific Cuisine (Chamorran, aka the people/culture of Guam). Great service as well. Honestly, it's such a straightforward, simple, experience with complex flavors and dishes, not much else to say. Pricey but this is one of those places you get what you pay for. Great for special occasions. Hafa Adai bra!	 0
How come I never went to this place until a couple weeks ago? Over the last year I've walked by this place at least once a week. It _looks_ exactly like the type of hole-in-the-wall place you should never order sushi from. 'Looks' can be incredibly deceiving.   OMG... best salmon sashimi in SF and inexpensive to boot. I'm totally in love with this place. Soooo good.	 0
Fresh sashimi for cheap? How can one resist?! When I first heard about this place, I was honestly a bit skeptical and didn't think there was such thing as a store that sold cheap fresh sashimi. I was proven wrong after my first visit and concluded that this place is amazing! I can see myself visiting this shop often since it only takes 2 minutes to walk here from my apartment. Talk about dangerous!  I ordered the raw Salmon and a side of Seaweed Salad and the total turned out to be about $13. Such a steal! The Sashimi was seriously so good and literally melted in my mouth after every bite. I couldn't get enough and even contemplated on ordering more but fortunately had some willpower to resist. I also recommend ordering the seaweed salad which was also tasty and refreshing!  I'm definitely going to visiting this place on a weekly basis since it's seriously so close to where I live. I can't wait to try other items on their menu!	 0
After being introduced to this place by my coworker, I've been hooked. I swear me and my coworkers make a weekly or bi-weekly trip and we feast on sashimi and poke for dinner. My favorites are definitely the salmon sashimi and salmon shoyu poke. I like how you can choose your piece of salmon and they will cut it into slices for you in the back. It's also inexpensive, with most ranging from $8-11. And the poke is $6! The pieces are tiny but it is still so yummy with their shoyu! Sometimes I like to dip the sashimi into the shoyu because it's that good! Sometimes they have uni for $11-13 and it is not bad quality. Definitely worth it! Overall, the quality of the fishes are good and it's definitely cheaper to buy from Basa than to eat out at a sushi restaurant if you're on a budget. The service is friendly and fast too!	 0
This is my favorite for sushi. I love the salmon poke and sashimi. This is my go to for salmon sashimi since it's affordable yet still delicious and fresh. They sell the blocks of sashimi and then ask if you want to have it cut plus they throw in ginger and wasabi.   Today I bought $21 for the Hawaiian roll and a salmon sashimi. I got it to go and it was great.  They also sell raw fish and shrimp and things.	 0
Basa basa basa. You are the best. Even a health food warning on Yelp couldn't keep me away. And who listens to those things anyways?! Well... Probably everyone who values their stomach and health. Anyways, those days of a health food warning are gone, and now I can eat all of the cheap, delicious poke that I want with not a worry in my mind.   Tip #1: Inexpensive sashimi, poke, and other food. I've only every purchased the salmon poke here (~$6), but the rest of the prices are all in the same range. The poke is mixed with a slightly spicy mayo sauce and is best enjoyed on top of some rice or salad. You can purchase rice and seaweed salad at Basa as well. DIY poke bowl, anyone?  Tip #2: There's limited seating inside, and the seating is mostly small tables. The interior is not particularly aesthetic, so I'd recommend taking the food to go and eating outside at some of the scenic areas nearby, like Bernal Heights or Dolores Park.   Tip #3: Street parking exists in this area, but very rarely. You might have to go off of 24th Street in search of street parking. Otherwise, there are bike racks consistently on 24th and a handy parking meter right in front of Basa that I usually lock my bike to.   Overall: Poke? I'm in. Inexpensive poke? Double in. Don't be deterred by the very dirty sign outside of Basa. This is go-to to-go places!	 0
One word: VALUE! I tried 6 of their West coast oysters, they were very fresh, large, plump, and delicious! (Why are they served with lime and not lemon...anyone know?)  I also got some of their salmon sashimi (they cut it for you)! Which was very buttery and rich.   GREAT prices, and friendly service. Too bad there was no fresh-looking uni when I went, but maybe next time!	 0
Saw the Yelp reviews on this place and had to stop in, considering how much my wife loves her fish!  I'm surprised we never stopped by before as we have walked by time after time without noticing it.  Definitely got a hole in the wall kind of vibe, there are few tables in the back where you can sit and eat your fish.  I ended up ordering the shrimp burger ($6.99), my wife got the fish taco ($1.99) and a shrimp taco ($2.49).  We also split an order of the spicy salmon poke, as that was the poke that looked the freshest.  My shrimp burger was pretty good, fried shrimp on a bun with lots of veggies and mayo.  A little messy to eat, but it was pretty tasty.  My wife's tacos were so-so- the shrimp and fish were cut up into tiny tiny pieces.  Not the best fish or shrimp tacos we've had.  The poke was meh...  Didn't seem very fresh, so we didn't even finish it.  First time I've ever seen my wife not finish poke.  Nothing special for us, we definitely won't be coming back with the abundance of other great places to eat in the Mission, especially after I saw the pop up from Yelp talking about how they recently got a poor food safety score...	 1
I eely need to clam down because Basa cod not do batter in keeping their food fresh, tasty, and cheap. If you want, you can ask salmon else for their opinion, but I bait they will say the same thing!   Okay, had way too much fun writing that intro. But let's get down to business: Basa's food is so cheap for SF Bay Area standards. And more importantly, their fish is fresh! The workers at Basa were friendly, helpful, and very quick. My chowder and poke orders came out almost instantly, and the teriyaki took just 5 minutes.   The clam chowder ($2.99 for small bowl) was hot, delicious, with lots of clams. Creamy and heavy as expected, with good original flavor and not overly salty (which I love).   The spicy salmon poke ($6) was pretty heavily marinated and creamy, and was topped with roe, black sesame seeds, green onions. By itself it was a bit much, but when I topped it on rice back at home it balanced out to be absolutely delicious. Fresh, too!   I didn't get much of a taste of the salmon teriyaki ($9.99) but BF seemed to like it (he finished it in less than 5 minutes). It was a simple plate with a hefty amount of salmon.   Can't believe it took me 8 months of living here to stumble upon this place! Love you Basa -- I'll dolphinately be back!	 0
Great food great price and very clean place. This is my favorite for sushi. I love the seafood combo on the menu.	 0
I was randomly looking for a sushi place while I was in the area and the Yelp reviews about this place kept calling it a hidden gem. I have to one million percent agree. This is fantastically fresh and affordable sushi! I can't say that I typically can taste the difference in quality of sushi but this sushi just tasted so fresh and delicious! (I will also like to mention, yes, I only got basic orders of a shrimp tempura roll and a 49ers roll but they were by far the best I've ever had)  The highlight for me is also their clam chowder in a bread bowl. It was perfect in consistency/thickness and flavor. THIS is how I want my clam chowders to taste.  Absolutely would visit again!  The layout is a little bit confusing but you order at the back, can sit at the few inside seatings they have, and once you finish, you pay at the front.	 0
This place is awesome. Food is great, especially for the price. The servings are pretty sizable, and although it is divey, you get some great sea food for 10 bucks or less. Have gone back many times	 0
I went to try out the fish & chips, which was great, but I was surprised when I ordered salmon sashimi. I was told I could chose the salmon that was in the freezer fish market area. There was plenty to choose from but I decided on the cheaper option in the end. I have never been to a place that allowed me to choose what salmon I wanted to get. I had to pay a little bit more, but it was worth it in the end. The salmon was very fresh and fatty which is the way I like it. The place is a small fish market area with limited area for seating if you're dining in. This place has a hole in the wall vibe to it but I don't mind it at all.	 0
Bottom-line... try the Confit de Canard!!  Bistro Central Parc is tucked away amongst the residential houses of NOPA.  You would never find it unless you were looking for it.  This is definitely a "destination" restaurant, but well worth the special trip.   Inside you feel like you are in an authentic Parisian bistro.  Our waiter, Sebastian, was as French as they come - accent and all.  The wine list features a wide selection of French wines, from all areas, even those that are a bit esoteric.   I've eaten here several times, even on weekends and never needed a reservation.  But if you have more than 4 people I'd recommend calling ahead because it may require them to shift some tables around.  (It's a small spot.)  My go to dish is the Confit de Canard.  It's a large helping of duck that's been deep fried with the skin on.  Juicy as could be.  They serve it on a bed of confit, which is sitting on a bed of lentils.  Very filling and delicious.  Parking is EASY.  This is a lightly trafficked residential neighborhood.  I've always been able to find a space within 1 block.   Noise level is low.  Lighting is great.  Service was impeccable.  There also open for bruch on the weekends if that's more your thing.	 0
1/8/17:  What can I say?--this is a prime example of sub-average food for hyper-inflated prices.  Make it the place look great.  Make it hipster.  Make people pay the hipster pricing.  All it's missing is the 2 word adjective-noun name.  That's the formula--then as long as the food ain't utter crap, money will be made!  Well, first of, for those who have been to France, you would know there is no such thing as a French meal, be it breakfast, lunch, or dinner, without bread served first.  Period.  Never.  (Well, unless we're talking eating at McDonald's.)  So guess what?--they never gave us table bread.  Maybe that sounds silly to us Americans, but I'm pretty sure that's a crazy huge deal if committed in France.  Alright.... so.... that's kinda how it went...  1. Coffee $4.50:  It's bitter without body.  I guess it would have been okay, but for four and a half bucks?--hell no.  3/10  2. Baked Brie $16 "roasted garlic, concasse of tomatoes":  I was absolutely stunned when I saw this in front of us.  Like, where's the cheese!?!?  Most of us have had baked brie before right?--big round of cheese oozing from the white outer crust, often breaded?  Well, the cheese was totally an after thought.  They just basically put a quarter of a round of brie, possibly microwaved, cause the crust was all broken and dry--just plopped there.  Got some tomatoes and bread, which both were good.  But the cheese... wow... amazingly amateur.  2/10  3. Soupe a l'Oignon $14 "traditional French onion soup":  You know, like most of us I've had dozens of these over the years.  Many from straight-up American restaurants, some from fancy schmancy French places too, and of all of them this might be the worst I've ever had.  The onions were so pulverized they were just a pile of mush on the bottom.  The bread was completely mushed too.  The soup was pretty flavorless.  Crap.  2/10  4. Moules Marinieres $20 "white wine, shallots, parsley and cream":  Alright, things were looking better now.  The mussels, though pretty small, were very juicy and tender.  The sauce/soup was pretty good too.  Creamy and tasty.  The bread they served it with though just ruined it.  Like cheapo stale bread a day old from the supermarket.  Again, if you've been to France, you know how seriously they take their bread.  This ain't French bread.  Trust me.  5/10  5. Confit de Canard $25 "lentils and lardon":  I think this is their super specialty.  I'd have to admit, the duck itself is probably one of the best duck confits I've had.  The texture is perfect without the meat completely falling apart.  Skin was crispy and very savory.  Great.  The lentil thing I didn't like though.  I do not know if it's traditional or what, but it tasted a lot like the Chinese green bean soup my mom used to make, without the sugar.  Just ain't great.  But if it weren't for that, would have been pretty dang good.  8/10  6. Profiteroles $9:  Straight up--they took bought some puffs from the store, gave them to some kids to stuff with ice cream and top with chocolate and nuts.  I'd guess 7 year olds.  Tastes fine, but just a total mess.  Check out my pics.  3/10  If you wanna blow a ton of money, and at the same time gain a few thousand calories of nice waistline.... have at it.  2/5  #french #sanfrancisco	 1
It's fabulous experience. The server was super nice and attentive. The scallop risotto and grilled trout were delicious.  The atmosphere was cozy. The restaurant is located at a quite and peaceful neighborhood.  After I paid and walked out- I forgot my cell phone on the table and she ran to hand it back to me. It was a really nice experience.  I will return soon. Thank you.	 0
Recommend artichoke salad, mussels, and tournedos Rossini!!! The food is delicious, yummy yummy yummy...The waiters are very polite and professional.	 0
I've been heartsick for French food after eating well in Lyon, Nice, Bourgogne, etc. during a couple of years abroad. i didn't have high hopes beyond a decent fix for my craving. I had a tough time deciding among all the French restos in NoPa and Hayes Valley, especially as they have similar menus. I knew we chose the right place when I called to make reservations and the hostess (or manager? Seems like she is very hands-on with the business) offered seating "on the terrasse".  The pictures alone should win you over. The presentation was just as gorgeous in real life. Every dish that passed by our table caught my eye. Though the specials sounded fresh and well-thought out, i had to have the baked brie, braised beef cheeks with red beet sauce, scallop risotto with a lobster bisque base, and creme brulee. It may look like smaller than the American average, but the richness of each dish will satisfy you. I would have been uncomfortably full if we had gotten any more than that, between the two of us.   The dishes came out in good time; our server was efficient and attentive, without  interrupting our conversation. The bistro feels intimate and unpretentious - but is rather loud at dinnertime on a Saturday inside, so I'm glad we were outside (with heaters, if Karl worries you). I unfortunately could not allow myself to eat here too frequently, but the prices are fair by being comparable to other French restaurants. I would love to go back for special dinners in the future.  PS: i was able to make a reservation the day of. Even if it is only a couple of hours ahead, make the call. We saw groups waiting outside for a table when we left around 8 pm.	 0
My goodness this place is a MUST have! This was the absolute best food I have had in a long time, no I think it is EVER!   Everything from atmosphere, service and food was extremely authentic and the flavor was so rice and flavorful that every bite I felt like I was in bliss.   We ordered everything off the specials but honestly everything here is probably delicious!!!   Props to the chef, the servers and the owners for making my day! I came in with a headache and came out with pure happiness!!!	 0
Totally standard neighborhood place. Went for Brunch.  Eggs benedict and eggs florentine: ok. buttery hollandaise. Great diced potatoes. mustardy dressing on lettuce wasn't great.  Perfectly mediocre. Nothing truly bad or wrong but nothing amazing about it or reason to ever go back.	 1
Fun little restaurant, entrees, desert and soup was wonderful, pleasant staff. All around nice experience	 0
Unfair to diners and the waitress to expect that person to serve an entire restaurant basically alone. It meant waiting for her to explain the menu and take orders, waiting for the wine menu and ordering off of it and receiving what one had ordered. Did someone else call out? Who knows. The waitress appeared run off her feet and apologetic to the point that each time she appeared before us she was apologizing, which sours after a bit. We ordered a mixed green salad, some scrambled eggs that was supposed to come with fries but instead came with country potatoes, a side of ham, and a glass of white wine. Over $40. The ham was processed cold cut variety, $7. I asked for and was kindly given some good bread, but no butter. No dijon mustard or mayonnaise for the potatoes. A restaurant at this price point should mind the details.  The space is elegant, but the meal was shabby.	 1
On a date with my wife, we were greeted and graciously served by Emily just before lunchtime on a quiet afternoon.  We've eaten here once before for dinner and really enjoyed it.  That was sooo good. So we decided to try their brunch.  We started off with the french toast.  It was perfect.  The bread used was almost like angel food cake, which made it light, slightly sweet and delicious.  I had ordered the eggs benedict with spinach added.  It was awesome. For desert, I ordered the Tart Tartine. To die for.  A great little place for some quality time, delicious food and fantastic service.  A must go.	 0
Bistro Parc Central is always so excellent! I've been there several times. I'm always so happy with the food and experience. No matter how busy they are, they are always on top of their game. I've been a server and I'm so impressed! I always order the steak frites. I can't help it because it's so good. I love the wine selection too. My brother, who is vegetarian, had the vegetable risotto, and loved it. My boyfriend has also had the fish special and loved it. We had the tuna tartar special as an appetizer and it was delicious. They also let us make a last minute reservation on new years eve. It was much appreciated! I can't wait to go back!	 0
I've been to Tartine a million times and figured I'm due for an official update:  ====== Holy Grail - Blow Your Socks Off - Favorite Items ====== * BOULE (white roll) - ALL OF THEM! (Fresh out of the oven daily at 4:30pm). My favorite is country, but olive is good too. I'll even take sesame if they're sold out of the other stuff. Pro-tip: Comes in half sizes. This is hands down my favorite bakervery e to get rustic white bread. In close second: Pain (San Mateo) - more sour / crusty / expensive, Outerlands (very similar) * BANANA CREAM PIE: Better than Mission Pie because it's creamier and less like pudding, there is more custard on the inside and the crust is lined with chocolate. The crust could use improvement (needs more butter or toffee but otherwise it's one of my favorites!). Pro-tip: comes in a small size and in coconut cream too. * CHOCOLATE TORTE: Incredibly rich, decadent chocolate torte - another favorite because this is super rich without going overboard IMO. Definitely reserved only for the chocolate fiends. * PASSION COCONUT CAKE: Creamy, light, refreshing, tart. I got this for a friend's birthday and it's one of my favorite cakes. Not sure if it's sold individually but for a special occasion this is worth shelling out $$$ for.   ====== Yum, order again ======  * Chocolate Pot de Creme - Luscious. Similar to Bi-Rite's.  ====== Good but not sure I'd order again ======  * Croissant - Better at Marais and B Pattisserie. * Gruyere Thyme Pepper Bun - To soggy and too airy at the same time.  * Bread Pudding - I'm just not a bread pudding fan? * Sandwiches - I love the bread, I don't love the sandwiches. They're better at the Manufactory. * Morning Bun - Famous for this but thought it was too sweet.	 0
If you want rock solid croissants and buns that would split your incisors and shatter your molars (and your dreams of foodgasm), then by all means get in line.   If you want to pay $10 for an extremely forgettable croque monsieur, then please join the line, too.   For reference, the €1 croissants at European McCafes taste better than the croissants here.   Not worth the money Not worth the line  Tartine, please stay in SF. Arts District does not need you.	 1
Had to add a star each just for their Gougeres (savory cheese puffs) and one for their Eclairs (the ganache is so good and vanilla cream isn't overwhelming).    OK both of these items are about a quarter or half a pound, literally, and maybe $5 each but so worth tasting. :)  p.s. the coffee/lattes are okay for the Mission District but pretty good since you're likely not going to want to stand in another line after this one...	 0
#7 of 2017  So I don't get the hype? Some friends and I stopped here while we were visiting San Francisco because we had heard so much about Tartine. Waited about 30 min in line because the place is very small and packed, only to get subpar pastries.  AMBIENCE: very cute, brunchy coffee shop; seating inside and outside but it's small  SERVICE: mediocre since they're so busy  FOOD: I don't get it. I got the almond ricotta cake, a hazelnut tart, a berry pastry, and an almond tart. They were all subpar even tho they rang in at $4-$6 a piece. I've had much better pastries in Los Angeles at at cheaper places like Porto's. granted they were out of their famous morning buns, but I thought the pastries were really nothing special. My friends got the egg pudding and it literally tasted like scrambled eggs; looked almost curdled. Very disappointed and a little disgusted.	 1
I got the Turkey Sandwich with the broccolini pesto and a baked good that didn't have a label on it.   The people who work there are so kind. My aunt ditched me for dinner and a show we were seeing so I was in full "Everybody sucks, go treat yourself, girl" mode, so I came here for dinner. They let me stay after they closed, and didn't make me feel rushed even if i eat at sloth pace.   The pastry was the best fucking pastry I've ever had. Like holy butthole. I even called my mom to tell her about it like a day later when I was just randomly thinking about it. The sandwich also has the plus of somehow being even better the next day.   Only downside was that I'm broke af and shouldn't be treating myself so hard on $24 meals. Lolol	 0
Couldn't resist coming back for more!!   My boyfriend and I came up to SF for a 3 day mini getaway and had our eyes set on this place from the very beginning. We knew this place would be popping', so we came extra early, right when the doors opened on Saturday morning. The line wasn't too bad at 8AM, but soon enough it was packed.   The reviews below don't lie. Those Morning Buns are to die for and I'm not kidding, I would eat them every single day if I could. It was so darn good, we ended up coming back to Tartine Bakery on the last day of our trip and took some Morning Buns on the road!! The flakiness of the croissant, combined with the crystallized, crunchy yet chewy orange zest glaze and sugar chunks sprinkled on top is MOUTHWATERING!   The Lemon Creme Tart was also a delight!! The lemon cream was so fluffy, smooth, and refreshing. The Tart crust was also so crispy like a pie crust! I'm literally licking my lips thinking about these delicious baked goods.   Please come to LA! I love you so much!!	 0
Hands down my favorite place to get a sando on a Sunday before walking to the park. Actually, no scratch that, my favorite place to get a sandwich, period. Especially delicious when enjoyed on a blanket in the park though. Not only are they true to their name and right beside the park, which is super convenient, but the sandwiches are literally amazing everytime.   Each sandwich is just eight bucks and they're all beasts. Huge, loaded sandwiches made with passion. Seriously, I have never seen people so serious about their craft and enjoying what they do so much. Mike and his girlf Simone have become one of the highlights of my my weekend with my girl. We love going to visit them and hanging out at the market for a bit while they make some super bomb sandwiches for us and the other people that come through with the same enthusiasm we have knowing how excellent the service and sandwiches are.   The menu is vast and if you're having a tough time deciding I recommend you just choose a meat and let Mike do the rest for you. "Master Mike the Mind Reader", the he nails it every time. Sometimes Simone will step in and make one of her famous "Simone Specials" for you. They're both masters of the craft, glazing bacon with honey and adding just the right amount of a special sauce blend before sending your sando into the toaster to achieve its full glory. When finished they cut it in half and give you a "sneak peak" of the middle before packing it up. My favorite part, other than eating it of course.   I had been going here once a week minimum for a few months and always thought to myself "If I lived closer I would go here way more often." When my lease was up recently a big part of the decision to move to NOPA was to be closer to Parkside Market and our friends that hold it down there.   Aight, that's enough. All this talk is making me so hungry. On my way to get a City Boy Sandwich now and enjoy this day.	 0
was in San Francisco for few days and decided to try this place before heading back to San Diego.....OMG was flipping AMAZIMG! The guy was super cool, the sandwich was very flavorful...sourdough was toasted just right, sandwich was stacked with meat and the avocado and cream cheese was the icing on this mouthwatering toasted stack of goodness.	 0
This place used to make the best sandwiches in the city. I've probably been here 40 times in the past 2.5 years and it's been a consistent downhill slide ever since Khalil stopped working there. It started as, undisclosed/involuntary ingredient swaps down to the point that everyone just gets "whatever turkey is cut up + whatever sauce is closest at hand + the only cheese they feel like today". This has culminated in several shitty experiences including today being told: "no we don't have any copa - oh that? Yeah I don't want to cut it up" Khalil, please come back. I used to love this place to the point I'd be there 6 times a month, now I occasionally stop by every time hoping that it will be better and it only gets worse.	 1
ONE OF THE BEST SANDWICHES IVE HAD IN MY WHOLE LIFE!!! Sooooo good! I got the double trouble and it was amazing!!! Try it! Bestest ever. The honey on the sandwich made it even better!! I've had honey on pizza but never thought to drizzle it on my sandwiches. The guy working there was also really nice! There were no reviews mentioning him at the time I went (probably a month ago) so I said I'd mention him and post a picture of him. He was really helpful and definitely enjoyed creating our beautiful sandwiches. If you're in the area, stop by for some really good sandwiches!	 0
Great food and friendly staff. Just a few minute walk from the Painted Ladies. I highly recommend. The sandwiches are $8 each, but completely worth it. Share a sandwich or save the half for later!!	 0
Parkside Market gets 5 stars purely for its godly sandwiches.   This friendly neighborhood is a family-owned corner store at the intersection of Hayes & Lyon. Its been there for 30+ years and the owners have witnessed first-hand the evolution of the Panhandle from the somewhat dangerous & sketchy area that it was into the hip and lively place that it is today. These sandwiches. Am I suggesting that these sandwiches have mystical soul-healing powers? Yes. Yes I am.   Lets get to the point: I've eaten sandwiches far and wide and "the sandlot" at Parkside Market reigns supreme. Get it on dutch crunch (the de facto roll choice of any respectable sandwich eater in these parts). If you come around lunch The guys who run the store are super friendly. They have an extensive menu of specialty sandwiches, and all of the ones I've tried have been excellent. Suffice to say I'm happy to live in the neighborhood.   Oh yeah, they sell grocery stuff too.	 0
Super delicious and reasonably priced sandwiches!  I stopped by to pick up a sandwich post-run yesterday, and despite having seen warnings from other reviewers, I was still blown away by how giant and delicious these sandwiches were.  Mr. Sandwich (I didn't catch his name, but it was probably Khalil based on the other reviews) is _SO_ nice and lets you try various meats before you choose your sandwich, and moreover, he makes incredible sandwiches. I had the Back in Black sandwich on Dutch Crunch. The blackened turkey offered a bit of a spicy kick that I thought went really well with the other ingredients in the sandwich.   Mr. Sandwich actually told me that his personal favorite sandwiches involve Sausalito turkey, so I guess I'll have to come by and try some more!	 0
Shit, I don't know to give 6 stars. Can I somehow enter this bodega in for some kind of presidential award?  Updating to let you yuppies know that there's a new and updated sandwich selection. Word on the street (corner) is that there's a juicer coming up shortly. I'll keep you hipsters informed.	 0
Hey I'm the Coca Cola man delivering coolers an vendors all over SF, custom sandwich is one of my favorite foods to search out in THE CITY BY THE BAY.. Trust be I've been all over SF. Here's  just a few spots that I'll give 4 an above stars. Roxies, Teds market, Irving liquor store, Ike's place.. But Parkside Market gets 5 because it is one of the best sandwich I have had anywhere, the Quality of their meat is so good, the toppings are fresh, an those jars of special spread that they put on there toasted breads explode with great flavor...and you can tell these guys love to give GREAT SERVICE, so if your any where near 5 10,25 miles near them, pay the bridge toll and hit them up, tell them the Coke cooler man sent us.. @keepingitcold	 0
The SAMMIES ARE SO GOOD. If you are headed to alamo square or golden gate park for a picnic, this is the place to go. Toasted bread, melted cheese and a ton of hot meat...by far some of the best sandwiches in the City.	 0
Probably the best sandwich I've ever had. Period.   Double trouble. Freshly sliced Boarshead roasted chicken, avocado, bacon, cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, pepperoncini on Dutch crunch.    Khalil crafts every sandwich like he is personally gonna eat it. One time he said, "damn this looks so good I'm gonna make one for myself".	 0
Just moved to the neighborhood and was recommended this market for sandwiches. My boyfriend and I were blown away! The sandwiches were delicious and the owners were amazing! Clearly, these guys are a part of the community and truly care about their business. This is the kind of small business you rarely see these days and the kind of quality service we should all support.	 0
This corner market/deli is the place to visit for a delicious meal.  The sandwiches are made to order and the prices are hard to beat. Khalil delivers a menu board that features a variety of delicious choices and creations that are hard to duplicate.  This deli has a line of regulars that keep coming back which speaks volumes.  A must try and I guarantee you will be coming back again or at least keeping the word a mouth going by talking about their amazing Sandwiches.	 0
Khalil makes the best sandwiches and is a lovely person to boot!   Whenver I can, I make the walk over to Parkside Market to get a sandwich and lotto ticket.  The sandwiches there are of great variety and are just plain superb.  They are made with care and pride by Khalil.  He is committed to making people the best sandwich possible customizing on the fly to the person's preference(s).  Without a doubt, the very best place to get a sandwich in the Haight/North Panhandle/Divisidero Corridor.  Go there and give your tummy a fine reward.  Keep up the great work, Khalil!	 0
Delicious sandwich, super nice people! And it's huge and good, one can feed two.  I'm so happy to have them in the neighborhood.	 0
OG Sandwich joint that is soo legit.  Khalil helped me pick the order which came out to be a roast beef, coppa, and salami on a dutch cruch. With everything on it, no mayo, add some other tasty sauce and avacado. The dutch crunch is so dang monaayyy. I'm talking I just stopped typing in between this sentence for another bite. It has almost burnt cheesy ends that taste better than anything. If you like sanwiches, come here as soon as you can. Like, in the next 20-30 minutes.	 0
The BEST sandwiches in San Francisco. The price is right, the flavor is even more right! Great and friendly service and the man that works the deli is super charming. Worth the walk always! Mostly because you need the exercise after because of how deliciously large the sandwiches are. A perfect San Francisco gem.	 0
Great service for a family owned neighborhood grocery store! They also have a delicious gourmet selection of deli sandwiches! My favorite one is Khalil's homemade tuna sandwich on sourdough sliced. Delicious! The falafel is homemade fresh daily.. Never thought I would enjoy a falafel sandwich until the Parkside market. Great place with great food and loving family. Keep it up Khalil!	 0
THE BEST STORE IN THE BAY AREA!!! hands down they always treat their customers right, and always got what you need ( chips, soda, beer, the paper, grey goose.. you name it they got it!)   MUST TRY THE SANDWICHES!!    Whenever, I'm in town I HAVE to get a sandwich. The owner Khalil makes them the BEST! Always fresh ingredients!, Fresh veggies, hand cut meats and cheese!!  Amazing how other people are still in business.. Team Parkside!!	 0
Sandwiches are the best in the city. Get the Mideast Touch. You'll thank me.  They've got a great selection of everything you need; they're friendly and always love to stop and chat. It's a staple of the NOPA neighborhood.	 0
Flying falafel is an no nonsense shop near civic center with amazing food and friendly staff. It's also a steal-- most items on the menu are less than $10.   The falafel sandwich ($7) is a go to lunch or snack item for me, and the best I've had in sf-- stuffed to capacity with warm falafel, veggies and hummus/delicious sauces. To top off the deliciousness, they add a few fries on top too. It's fast food, yet still fresh.  The shop also sells falafel balls (10 for $5) and hummus plates, which I haven't tried but going by the sandwich I am sure would make a good snack.   In terms of the location, it is just a small hole in the wall so there isn't much seating. More of a stand and eat on the sidewalk kind of place. They're always playing good music which is a plus! Recommend highly!	 0
Yoooo this place is so good. It's a great price for a handy little portable pita pocket packed with flavor. Love the spicy falafel, with the works. It really takes the edge of my ravenous hunger.   The service is super friendly and fast. Highly recommended.	 0
I am now a firm beliver of Vegan eating. Forget about everything you've heard about vegan eating and all the negative comments, and try out Flying Falafel and your tastebuds will do all the talking after.   We ordered the Flying Falafel Pocket, one with the spicy falafel and the other with the seaseme falafel with all the veggies, fries, and the banana milkshake. I personally do not like the taste of cinnamon but I didn't even know the milkshake was made from cinnamon or else I wouldve requested it without it, but  I'm glad I didn't know because it just tastes so good all together. They do make it with pecans also, so if you have nut allergies its not for you.   I don't know what it is but green sauces are always the best in my opinion. So, I personally loved mine with extra green sauce. YUMMMMMMM!   Carbs are great, and the pita bread here is so good and fresh and just so amazing.   The staff is super friendly. It's a small little place with a small table outside and a four barstools.	 0
A fantastic vegan spot in downtown SF, a few blocks walk from Westfield Mall. It is a tiny spot with a few chairs outside so you will need to find somewhere else to eat (Westfield Mall).   Very fresh ingredients & tons of veggies. Got 2 plates with veggies and falafel and you can any toppings and sauce. The falafel is flavorful and crispy, fresh out of the fryer.   Excellent place for a filling healthy lunch/dinner!	 0
for some reason it took the guy about 20 minutes to make a pita with falafel...  the falafel was not very good... not worth the stop of i have to be brutally honeat.. there is another place in the city called sababa that makes much better falafel and gets the pita ready in a few moments...	 1
This is the best falafel I've ever tasted! Crunchy and fluffy at the same time. The pita bread was not your standard limp dry white piece of cardboard, instead it had body and was light with a thick enough texture to hold up all the ingredients. The variety of fillings included but weren't limited to: tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, pickles, cabbage, lettuce, sauerkraut, tahini, hots, yogurt sauce, etc.  I got the snacker which cost around $6 (with tip) and it was the right size to ensure my hunger was satiated even if I really wanted but didn't need more!	 0
Omggggggggg I can't stop thinking about this place!!!!! 100% vegan down a dirty shady ass street.  After seeing the Kubrick exhibit at the Jewish Museum we had planned to walk to Z-pizza. Instead I decided we should walk the extra blocks (pizza sounded nasty because they use Daiya) and come here...THANK GOODNESS WE DID!    Nothing to mark it but a dirty crusty yellow painted/ homemade wood high tabletop and two chained on stools.  Took a peek inside and there stands the tiny little but tasty ass kiosk.  What goes on here? Mouth explosions. Super experiences.  You get in line and the SUPER LOUD music serves as a background to the chefin' rockin' skills of the guy behind the counter. A one man show and the guy behind the counter is a f'in machine! Asking people how they are, flipping falafel's into pita, asking current customers if they want to load up with all of his selection of condiments. Frying up fries. Serving up iced teas from a little fridge cooler.  When you get up front he has you type in on the iPad/Square? screen to select what you want and then after pressing all your goodies, you slide your card, tip, email your receipt. Done!  Stand back and watch him complete the orders.  He was even filling food delivery service orders, several bike messengers were ready for action.  I got the spicy falafel pita sando with alllllll the veggies, all the hot peppers and spicy sauce. Soooooo huge!  Soft, warm, cool, spicy, messy...just like it should be. Great value for the HUGE portion. I couldn't even eat half mine but wow did I try!  Husband wanted fries and basically opposite what I got. He got non spicy, selected no hot peppers and a yummy different sauce. The few fries that I munched were good! Oh I forgot...the iced tea is super sweet, like old school koolaide sweet lol.  If you go there be ready to eat, groove a little, get sloppy messy in a yum way...and eat a few bites for me.  Wow I love this place. Can't wait to go back and have a banana milkshake.   #1 fan	 0
I always get the flying falafel snacker sandwich and it has always been delicious! Mmm I also get the spicy falafel balls. The chocolate banana date shake is great too! And the baklava! Wonderful food for a great price.	 0
If you love falafel, you will LOVE this joint. As a hole in the wall eatery located on market street, this place is one of SOMAs many gems. They offer a handful of different options, but the go-to for many, including myself, is the Flying Falafel Pocket Sandwich.   Just as it sounds, the sandwich is a pita pocket stuffed to the brim with whatever fillings you want. Falafel, veggies galore, tahini, and French fries (!!!), the sandwich is an explosion of flavors and textures in your mouth. They have two falafel options: spicy and sesame. I went with the sesame, but it did have a kick of heat. Super filling, very affordable, the sandwich was a delight.   I also got the banana milkshake, which is comprised of frozen bananas and cinnamon (I believe). Extremely thick, sweet and rich-- this milkshake will satisfy any sweet tooth cravings you may have.   Overall, The Flying Falafel impressed my tastebuds, thus is one of my favorite places in the City.	 0
When billionaire's row dissolves into skid row, you can find yourself in a virtual food desert in San Francisco. Which is how it happened on the way to a weeknight concert with my friend coworker. We walked from the bar to the venue, from hipster SOMA to one of the sketchiest sections of market looking for a bite to eat.   In the wreckage of boarded up buildings and makeshift villages, we found Flying Falafel. My friend thought it was dodgy and worried about stopping but I assured her that it had good Yelp reviews.   Unlike a lot of places that make falafel, they only make only falafel! No gyros or meat at all. It could be for this reason that they have the best fresh made, moist, falafel. We got the snackers, which are advertised as half the size of a regular wrap sandwich. For $5, this is a whopping good deal.  Stuffed with falafel and layered with sauce and topped with veggies and French fries and another falafel, they were delicious and totally satisfying. Exactly what we needed. Even though they were just about to close for the night, the two guys graciously attended to a handful of other people that came in after us. More people rescued in the food desert!	 0
absolutely love this place. i get the lox every time. their bagels are so gooooood!  just a reminder that you can always come with a clean travel mug and they'll put your drink in that.	 0
Found this place through Yelp because we were looking for some decent coffee shop after lunch. I gotta say coming to this place was totally a disappointment. First the environment was kind of dirty and dusty. Second  the flavor of coffee was not great. I got a nonfat latte and it does not taste smooth and flavor was off. My friend did not enjoy his black coffee either. Also based on Yelp, it closes at 4pm on Saturday but they tried to close the store at 3pm even though they were kindly asking customers to leave. Honestly I would rather go to Starbucks or even Dunkin Donuts than coming here. What a failed coffee experience in SF.	 1
No clue no clue no clue how to keep people moving through a line and get standard orders processed -so sorry guys but this was like an episode of Portlandia today - get it together	 1
I rarely give out five, but central coffee is fabulous. The coffee is some of the best I've ever had and the bagel sandwich was so good. To top it off, the staff couldn't be nicer. Loved it.	 0
I always order their bagel and it's taste so good and their hot chocolate with whip cream is good too!	 0
Central Coffee is absolutely one of my favorite coffee spots in San Francisco. They use Clover milk here! I love love love the coffee drinks here, especially when they are made by the boss. I always make Central Coffee my destination spot whenever I'm back in SF.   My sister loves the pastries here because they're fresh and delicious, and she's usually very picky about what pastries she eats. The staff are nice and welcoming as well, so two thumbs up for good customer service!	 0
Corner spot with yummy bacon quiche and fresh coffee for coffee lovers. I opt for healthier option of avocado instead of cream cheese on the bagels.	 0
It was busy for such a little cozy place this morning when I came in. The gentleman by the counter who took the order from me for my hot chocolate (which by the way was really delicious) was like the star of the cafe. They have a ton of different kinds of coffees, pastries and teas. Also nice seats inside right by the windows or wooden benches outside on the wide sidewalk. I would love to get some of the pastries, but I was already too full. Will definitely stop by again!	 0
Wild Salmon sandwich was AMAZE. We also had a turkey sandwich which was just as good.  Not to mention a perfectly light and fluffy croissant.  Good coffee. A block from the park. Perfect.	 0
Lucky to live close by to this place. I always get their bagel sandwich with veggies and cream cheese and cold brew. Very affordable compared to other cafes. Some of the bagel sandwich makers there are better than others lol	 0
Daughter and I had a quiche (with broccoli and greens) and a muffin waiting near the Bay to Breakers route for the mom to run by. Lovely morning, great coffee, fun servers. Loved it!	 0
Really good spot for cocktails in the city! The service is good and the bartenders are extremely knowledgeable. It can get crowded on weekends but generally you should be able to find a spot to sit in a few minutes if your group isn't very large.  I've been here a couple of times and tries most of the whiskey cocktails, and they've all been on point.   They also have food which I've heard is pretty good, though I haven't tried it yet.	 0
I live in the neighborhood so ABV is within walking distance, and ends up as a place for meeting with friends.  Most of my visits are drinks oriented, but in my most recent visit, I ordered the Octopus a la Plancha, a dish I really liked when I ordered it months ago.  This time around, the price seems the same but the food portion has shrunk to 1/3 the size of before.  What happened??  Did management change?  It's a great disappointment to see the bar decrease the portion size significantly without much of a difference in price.   Also, their norm is no silverware, that's fine, I can understand that for cost cutting purposes they don't want to deal with having to wash the silverware, but at least with the octopus a la plancha, give a couple toothpicks so people don't need to be holding octopus with their fingers.   ABV - I'll be back when you provide better value on your food items.	 1
Excellent drinks. Super fast and friendly service ! Tonight they showcase the hazelnut chocolate blood orange mousse (ball) and it was delicious.  Imagine a blood orange marmalade chocolate snowball that is like a creamy sophisticated-need-2-have another-roller coaster in your mouth !	 0
The food was delicious, the drink selection superb, and the service was phenomenal. Not to mention that I had some awesome company; I guess I can't give ABV credit for everything. My cousins, Daly City natives, brought my wife and me here for a great meal.  ABV, as the name suggests, does cocktails right. There are about 4-5 cocktails for each spirit. I didn't care for my first cocktail (too smoky), but the waiter, eager to please, took it from me and let me get a different whiskey drink at no additional charge! The other cocktails we had were all stellar.  I could drop a pretty penny here just ordering plate after plate of this great food! The foie gras stuffed olives were good, but definitely share them with others; they're very rich. The blistered hot peppers are tasty shishito peppers - spicy enough, but not murder to the tongue. The cheese plate was full of delectable dairy goodness. The most memorable item for me, however, was the octopus a la plancha with herbs. Nice char and lemon flavor on top; would totally get this again. The ice cream oloroso sandwhich was a good but I think I'd rather just drink some oloroso sherry to end my meal.  Not the cheapest place, but worth every red cent you spend. Definitely recommended.	 0
I remember hearing about ABV a couple years ago after they won the James beard award for "best cocktail program" in the USA and immediately went down to check it out. Was I that impressed, not really. So, I rarely ever visited ABV and that was a huge mistake on my part. My most recent visit this past weekend was nothing short of amazing and I take back everything I might have thought before.   I popped in with a friend in the early afternoon on Saturday because I've been on a mescal kick since coming home from a recent Mexico vacation. I wanted to see what ABV would do with mescal in some craft cocktails and they were magical. I trust most bartenders at places like this and my "spiritual guide" (Cecily) on Saturday whipped up some amazing drinks. I started with a variation of "The Martinez" with mescal instead of gin, fabulous! Next up was a drink called "Leftys Fizz". Basically, it was mescal, grapefruit, bitters and egg white. So, it was like a late breakfast/brunch. :)  Btw, did you get my reference above "SPIRITual guide"? I thought it was creative :)   The service was great, the brunch menu looked amazing (I didn't eat but really wanted to), and all in all was super happy with the early afternoon. I'll be back to ABV next weekend for brunch and some serious mescal cocktails.	 0
Damn, ABV. You good.   This has been on my radar for months and every time I am in the mission I forget to check it out. ABV is located right on 16th street but you could walk by 100 times and miss it. There is a small sign out front with two little tables and big bay windows to let some nice fresh air inside. My boyfriend and I were celebrating yesterday and came here to enjoy some snacks and good drinks. ABV did not disappoint.   On a Saturday afternoon it was surprisingly not too busy in here so we scored some bar seats right by the front windows. The bartenders greeted us immediately and gave us some menus to look over. We are both Mezcal login drinkers so we got a cocktail (forgot the name :( ) with Mezcal and citrus. A nice smokey blend, strong, but great to sip on with some food. The bartender also made me a off-menu Mezcal cocktail that was amazing. Mezcal, strawberry shrub, basil, citrus. Oh, so great for a beautiful sunny Saturday afternoon buzz.   For food, we started with the toast (how SF) which was fantastic. Crispy toast with cauliflower hummus, and dried fruit, yum! Next, we went for the fried cauliflower bites. Crispy and tossed in harissa these little spicy fritters were addicting, salty, and perfect. My meat eater bf got the kansas city ribs with Mezcal bbq sauce (notice a theme here?) and said they were perfect (as he licked his fingers clean).   In all a fantastic experience. The bartenders were attentive, friendly, and knowledgable about drinks. The food paired perfect with the drinks. The portions are small, but I like this so you can try a lot of different bites and not commit to one huge meal. It seems the food and drink menu rotates a lot so I can't wait to go back and try some new items!	 0
Very rude and disrespectful personnel. Bad and overpriced cocktails.  NEEDS TO BE AVOIDED	 1
This may have been the best burger I've ever had in my life. WOW  I honestly don't even know what was in it but let me tell ya, it is un-freaking-real. Not too big either, so it's perfect if you aren't terribly hungry.   If the burger was THIS good, I can't even imagine how good everything else on the menu is. I will definitely be coming back to find out for myself.	 0
ABV is a swanky little bar. Tall and long, with a bar on the right and the kitchen in the back, ABV is slender with plenty of seating in the back, at the bar, and space to stand on the left against the wall. There are a few seats outside as well but alcoholic beverages are cutoff at a certain time at night.  A line did form on a Saturday night so take this into consideration. This place is popular and they don't want people stumbling over each other just to get as many people in as possible.   The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We had a party that wasn't all there at the same time. They helped us find a spot to sit once they all arrived. I had a few highballs and the night was fun.  This is a chill bar with dim lighting. We didn't order any food but the options seemed legit. Come here to get a good cocktail, not a regular watered down beer.	 0
When you open a bar for bartenders by bartenders, you leave no room for mediocrity.   Because they KNOW Industry people are the hardest critics to please, but then ABV is no novice to those they serve.  What does that mean for you?  You get nothing but the GOOD stuff. I mean, GOOOOOD.  The excitement was pumping in my veins as soon as we sat down. There were SO many cocktails to choose from! Take for instance the ODB cocktail: blanc rhum, fino sherry, banana liquer and coffee bitters. It's a brisk drink! I say that because it's not a typical drink you'd order for brunch, but it really cuts through the fattiness of the bar foods that we ordered. If your style is more fruity/agave, the Pina Verde with tequila, pineapple and genepy will do it for you. Or for non-drinkers, a mocktail like the Pineapple Basil lime soda is tops.  Naturally, all this drinking will get you hungry. The Pimento burger was recommended by my fave bartender and boy, was he right on the money! This thing will add another inch to your waistline but you'll be so happy eating it, you just won't give a damn. It's 1/4 lb. grass fed beef patty combined with 12% aged beef fat. (weird huh!) It's a compact burger but the MMMeat is thick and works with the pimento cheese, pickle slices and caramelized onions. I'm drooling just typing the description! It's a really, really great burger. I just wish they offered french fries on the menu, it felt incomplete without my fried potato sticks!  Their chicken karaage is amazing. Just how amazing you ask? it's served with mini bacon cheddar biscuits. A Japanese/Southern fusion dish that totally works. And you need to order the kimchee fritter which is basically an okonomiyaki topped with bonito flakes. Doesn't boozing make you crave Korean food? ;)  The time to come is after hours because they're open til 2am and even serve food until 1am. Since I've changed my vampire ways (i.e. need my beauty sleep!) brunch is now my thing. I'm just glad San Francisco is a big drinking town that it doesn't really matter whether you get wasted at 12 noon or at midnight.  ABV you just rock!   Vesper approved.	 0
Come here for the Mumbai Mule. I've travelled Mumbai and this is a wicked drink that captures the flavors of the city in this sweet, spicy and highly potent drink.   Sweet vibes, good looking crowd and friendly staff.	 0
I've been to Crepes A Go Go a handful of times now, so I'd like to think that I've gotten a good grasp of this food truck's unspoken rules. Are you ready? Here we go.  1. Be mentally prepared for the overwhelming number of options. They serve all combinations of sweet and savory ingredients known to mankind. If the exact concoction you want isn't explicitly listed on the menu, just let them know and they'll hook you up.  2. Counting calories is strictly prohibited. Don't deprive yourself of the crepe that your heart most deeply desires. It'll be so worth it. Besides, I'm pretty sure all foods become calorie-free after midnight.  3. Your BAC level must exceed a certain threshold to enjoy the full experience. Everyone here comes to satisfy their drunchies after a night out in SoMa. Folks are socializing while waiting in line and hanging out by the couches. Remember, it's no fun being the only one on sober patrol.  4. Fear not the sketchy alleyway. The truck itself is located in the shadiest back street off of 11th. You might have considered showing up armed with an AK47, but just do some bicep curls beforehand. Bigger arms will make you look more intimidating, which should suffice.  5. It's cash only, but you probably already knew that.	 0
On this edition of WhackA$$ Wednesday, I present to you a super weird experience during late night hours (after midnight). I felt like the workers were high or something, because they couldn't seem to get anything right.   My friend repeated his order several times and they still got it wrong. Since he's vegetarian he definitely didn't order meat in his crepe, but somehow they put ham in there. When my friend asked if they could just take out the ham so he could eat it, they took back the entire crepe and gave it to some other guy who definitely didn't order those ingredients. Wow. Eventually my friend got a crepe he could eat.  As for me, all I wanted was a ton of fruit, so I asked if they could make just a cup of blueberries, strawberries, bananas, and apples. They said they didn't have cups but could put fruit in a crepe. Okay, fine. I was told ran out of blueberries but could add kiwi. Okay, fine. I was able to get a decent amount of refreshing delicious fruit in a crepe, but was WAY overcharged. I didn't realize until much later the amount we had paid for it. $12.50?!? That doesn't even make sense for about 4 mouthfuls of fruit.  I will in no shape or form be visiting this cart after hours, but would possibly give it another try during the day.  TIP: Not recommended for late night.  DATE TIP: Go elsewhere for your evening escapades, otherwise you'll be mystified and confused, and definitely not in the mood.	 1
Best crepes I've had!!!  Nothing more to say.	 0
Ok, so we are heading to our 'fancy' meal and I do the right thing by our Uber driver and just tell him to pull over on the side of the street he's driving on to save him the hassle of spinning the car around, just so happens, it's Karma....as we are dropped outside this little joint, I'm starving..and make a mental bookmark of it.  I skip dessert at said fancy eaterie to head back here after....these crepes are outstanding...not dry, substantial, full of flavour, and they don't skip on the fillings either.....  I was genuinely sitting on their sofa's in their yard area wishing I'd just come here and saved myself $200...I'd have had an unhappy wife....but the crepes were (almost) good enough for marital disharmony...superb.	 0
Seems to be run by new people, the guys who have been there the past several years are gone.  Quality is a little off, not quite up to the standard set by the former owners.  No longer open on monday nights for the Death Guild crowd, so stuck with that awful DNA pizza.  Still a decent late night munchie snack, just not as good as previous.	 1
Ended up here after going to Bergerac a few establishments down the street. I was pleasantly surprised to see its high ratings on Yelp. We ordered a Nutella and fresh strawberry crepe, and then asked to add bananas as well. Pricing was a bit higher than I would've expected, but I guess that's the price for fresh fruit!  Order took less than 10 minutes to come out. It was huge (pretty much as big as Crepevine crepes, stuffed with bunch of fruit and globs of Nutella, and was nice and hot when it came out.   It definitely made my night, especially after a poor experience at Bergerac!	 0
Is it late at night?  Are you hangry??  Did your stomach just ingest your spleen???  Great!  You're in the right place!!  These crepes are quick, delicious, and uncomplicated!  The guys who work here are super-polite, friendly, and helpful...In fact, given the drunk bros they have to deal with every night, these guys are practically saints!!!    The food is made very quickly, and I've never had them get my order wrong!  The prices are cheap by SF standards, and this is a great alternative to the usual late night food scene that's mostly dominated by craptastic pizza, gut-busting burritos, and overpriced burgers that most resemble rawhide!!  I like a crepe high in protein, so I order the ground beef, cheddar cheese, and fried egg crepe.  It's incredibly filling!!  This food truck is in a permanent location on 11th Street next to Butter.  It is WHEELCHAIR-ACCESSIBLE, and if you can't reach the window from your chair, the employees will come out to you.  There's a seating area in the yard in front of the truck, where you can sit and enjoy your crepe.  Mangia!!	 0
Where do I begin!? I was recommended this place by the night club next door. The reviews from the staff were exceptional outside of yelp.   I had the chicken and jalapeño crepe. Wow. Im no expert butbit pleased all my sensations.  Crispy. Light. Delicious!  Lets go above and beyond: the venue is "cash only" i tried to get cash across the street and the recommended venues. They were all down. Missou "Slim" truly cared abkutbhis product and offered an advance on my eats. This is not normal!! They care aboutbthebproduct over all. It says everything about this crepe shack.   If i had more stars itbwoukd be the rare recipient. Looking forward to next time.[you will receive a check in the mail] Merci!	 0
The last time I came here was about 5 years ago and I just moved back and went out for a typical Saturday night fun with the girls.   We went to a bar on 16th and after hit up the crepe truck since it's off 11th for our sweet tooth craving! They have meat crepes too but I ordered the King Lias crepe which has Nutella, peanut butter, strawberries and added bananas and while cream!   A must when you're nearby, it's decent prices and a cute little hideout.	 0
Fantastic. Came for dessert and definitely coming back tomorrow morning for breakfast. Hard to find but worth the effort searching for it.	 0
We came here thinking it would be amazing based on reviews, but boy we're we wrong. First off the place has inspection decals from 2014, but where is 2015 & 2016? They do not make crepes fresh, they are pre-made and reheated when ordered. We ordered four, one of the four was the apples and brown sugar crepe, it was literally that, chopped apples a mountain of brown sugar folded and handed over. We only realized that after eating our crepes that he never washes his hands after handling money!! He knows nothing about crepes, so I can only assume it's under new ownership because they should not be receiving good reviews. Two out of our 4 people got sick, so I say avoid this place like the plague!!	 1
Every single dish was plate-licking delicious!  Montesacro has better than most of the restaurants I went to in Rome (note to self: probably need to go back to Rome and go to better restaurants).    I loved the antiques and vintage items scattered over all the surfaces of the restaurants, and I was told that they keep adding to their collection.  The amazing service at Montesacro also stood out.  When we asked for a group photo, the server went up the ladder (looks like a library ladder) to get the right angle!! Talk about literally going above and beyond for the job.  FOOD  TIBURTINA Sandwich: Creamy Stracchino Cheese, Prosciutto di Parma Shank "Gambuccio" served on Pinsa bun - My favorite dish of the meal and is available for LUNCH only - What I loved is the cheese... melted slightly, not at all pungent but flavorful - So good with the prosciutto  (Pinsas are really more like flatbreads, not pizza.  We ordered 2 for 5 people, which was plenty of food.  Crust is amazing, and I recommend both of the below.) MARANELLA Pinsa: Stracciatella di Burrata, Broccolini, Spicy Pork Sausage - The sausage has a little bit of a kick but not spicy at all  CORVIALE Pinsa: Buffalo Mozzarella, Porcini Mushroom, Lardo, Parsley - Super rich with the mozzarella and lardo - Server's favorite Pinsa and a crowd favorite	 0
If you like pizza, you'll definitely like pinsa, its very similar but more ancient and precious Roman cousin. Montesacro is apparently the first pinseria in the country, and it opened like a year and a half ago. I believe it. Pinsa is not exactly pizza but it is almost exactly pizza. It's enough like pizza that some bad pizza places (the ones that make thick, doughy crusts) are more or less making bad pinsa. It's also enough like pizza that no one would open a pinsa parlor outside of, say, NY/LA/SF, for fear of being mocked into bankruptcy.  I happen to be a NY/LA/SF kind of woman, and I loved Montesacro, though less for its pinseria designation than for its wonderful food, service, and atmosphere. My husband Matt B. and I were staying in Union Square and walked over for a Friday lunch. It was bustling but not packed, and we got a table right away. Lovely space--high ceilings, natural light, casually rustic Italian deli decor. Service was excellent. We had a very warm, helpful waiter who took great care of us.   We drank a couple glasses of wine--a Rioja and a Bellone--and enjoyed a splendid, relaxing pinsa lunch. I ordered the maranella pinsa, and Matt got the $15 lunch special--salad, margherita, and espresso. The pinsas were delicious, fresh pies with fluffy, flavorful flatbread crusts. The maranella came topped with stracciatella di burrata, broccolini, and spicy pork sausage. I generally prefer tomato sauce on my pizza, but this was just perfect, the cheese creamy and gooey, the broccolini tender and full of fired flavor. The sausage was spectacular--I dropped a piece on the floor and if I weren't in public, I would have picked it up. (Instead, I mourned it quietly.) The margherita was also great, classic mozzarella, tomato, basil pizza with that pinsa twist. The salad was a nice healthy side, if nothing special. Mixed greens, lightly dressed.  We finished our meal with the espresso and a mug of chocolate budino. This is not to be missed. It was rich but not so rich it was hard to eat, with a lush, decadent texture and a dollop of thick whipped cream.  I wasn't expecting anything in particular from Montesacro--it was just a place my husband found on Yelp when we woke up hungry. It ended up being one of the most pleasant, satisfying lunches of my year, and I hope to repeat it when I'm back in the Bay.	 0
I've had a string of good luck while dining in SF in the last few weeks. I found some real gems and MPE is one of them.  Came on Friday at 6:15 with a party of 4 and they gave us a table as long as we would be done by the 740 reservation. The space is really cool and the old ovens really do impress. The servers largely had Italian accents and the tables/chairs were old and colorful. Definitely felt like I was dining in Europe!  We ordered a salad with beets and goat cheese to start and shared 3 pinsa. The salad was actually a generous portion and the 3 pinsa were more than enough for our group of 4. We got a margherita, the maranella (spicy sausage and broccolini), and one with prosciutto and pesto/pine nuts. I liked all 3 but the maranella was my fave.   We also ordered some drinks to start. I highly recommend their Rosé (the Tempranillo blend). They seemed to have a good wine list--comprehensive but not overwhelming.   Pinsa came out very fast. It's definitely lighter than regular pizza but the claims of it being "low in calories" is BS. It's covered in cheese and meats after all. Just enjoy your food and worry about your diet at another restaurant ;) The char on the crust here is unreal and the pinsa come whole--pizza cutters are given to cut to your liking.   Everything we ate was simple and delicious. Refreshing to have a pizza place I know is good and is centrally located. Adding this to our dinner and date night rotation!   *Notes on the location.* MPE is in an alley on Stevenson/6th. If that makes you nervous, don't come. If you are worried about "sketchy" or "seedy" neighborhoods, stay in a part of the city more to your liking/sensibilities and leave the pinsa for the rest of us. But if you're someone who realizes that living in a major city includes the full array of peoples and situations, then YOU can come! You'll be rewarded with some pretty awesome food!	 0
I rarely give out five stars but man, if this place was in Milpitas idk if I could stay away.  I've studied abroad in Rome and after trying pizza in New York and locally, by far this is the closest to the pizza I had in Rome. I've dined here at night and even for lunch and either way it's just so good! It's a hidden gem, where the food and atmosphere can take you back to Italy in an instant!   For lunch they have this awesome deal for a small salad, margherita pizza and an espresso for 15 bucks!! What a deal!! And during the day it seems like the servers are young but still good service!   Now at night for dinner, totally different atmosphere! Servers are speaking Italian left and right and when they talk to you their thick accent can be heard, I love it!! Like being in a restaurant in Italy! Except these servers are nice! Now for the food! First of all their pizzas are pinsa! So oblong shaped pinsa with thin bubbly crusts made for you right in their brick oven! And you cut the pinsa yourself :) so you control whether you wana share or not!   -maranella: not sure if I spelled this correctly but whatever you do, get it! I don't care if you think broccoli can't be on pizza but just get it!!! Comes with broccolini, olive oil, sausage and just wait for it....burrata cheeeeese! If I were to die and go to heaven, I hope this pinsa exists in heaven! That good!  -margherita: so simple but so delicious! What I miss about Italian food is that their marinara sauce is sweet! And you can definitely taste this here!!  -porcheta: this is a deli meat selection, and it's delicious, made in house it's slices of cured pork served with delicious olive oil and sea salt! Also very tasty, but if you dine for two, it might make you full!   Some say well there aren't enough ingredients on these pizzas, but that's the key in Roman style food, less ingredients and simplicity so you can really taste the quality!   They have a nice selection of wine! Not basic at all! And when you ask your server for advice, it isn't like other places where they're like yea it's good, they really describe the food and get down to what you might enjoy! Just overlook the hustle and bustle at night, it's not that bad! If you are worried then come during the day.   When you come here, order your food sip on some wine, and take your time eating! In Rome, dinner would last for hours like even 4 hours! Really savor every bite!	 0
We stopped here for dinner specifically because it was between our parking garage and Orpheum theater. We got there a few minutes before 6 pm on a Monday 12/26/16 and were seated right away.    It's small and cozy inside so I would suggest reservations.  We literally finished everything we ordered, just shy of licking the plates.   Rapette salad - Beets, goat cheese, and pistachios - good, but not memorable Tagliere Misto - Chef's selection of 3 cheeses and 3 meats Maranella Pinsa  - broccolini, spicy pork sausage, and burrata (we love spicy and that pork definitely had a kick) Budino al cioccolato con pannna  (Chocolate mousse) - thick and rich (how my husbands love his chocolate but me, not so much) Espresso and Americano - I was very pleasantly surprised by the sweet taste of the Americano. If it weren't for the show we had to get a to, I would have ordered another.  The staff was very friendly and helpful with recommendations on the menu. We will definitely go here again!  We were finished and paid by 7:30, which was perfect for our 8pm show at the Orpheum.	 0
I loved the pizza. The desert is really rich and really good. I would definitely recommend this place if your close by.	 0
I love it. Their burrata was so creamy and luscious I wanted to use it as face cream!	 0
The food is excellent, the service is neighborhood friendly and the room is lovely.  Other reviews focus on the fried chicken, that's fine, but the fish and shellfish offerings are excellent - if it were not excellent it would not be on their menu.  This isn't super fussy pushing the limits cuisine - it's just a great place.  Eat at Firefly, enjoy yourself.	 0
Wonderful ambiance and the food and service are just as good.  It had been several years since we were last here.  We remembered it as excellent and it didn't disappoint on a recent visit.  We had the chopped liver with onions, greens, carrots and torn acme baguette; a sautéed spinach side, which was exceptionally flavorful.  The daikon radish cakes with shiitake mushrooms and grilled scallions were beyond delicious -- a perfect mix of savory tastes.  Each dish deliciously paired with its accompaniments.  We don't usually have dessert but all their desserts are made in-house and on a cold rainy San Francisco night, the hot apple galette with a small scoop of some delicious ice cream on a bed of crispy sweets was to die for.  A shout out to Michael, our server.  The timing of everything was perfect.  And his suggestions and comments were spot on.  Can't wait to go back.	 0
After a long day of meetings the roomies and I were looking for a great restaurant in our new neighborhood. After a quick search on Yelp "Firefly" came to the top of our list. I called down to see if they were talking walk ins and a friendly voice said "we accept all!" That was all we needed to hear.   We jumped in the car and drove a couple streets from the house. In the middle of a tiny little neighborhood was this perfect, cozy little restaurant next to some houses. Very welcoming and San Francisco feeling.    As soon as we sat down our super friendly server, Jane, welcomed us with a smile. We passed on the wine but started out with the "Warm Acme Levain with Yummy Spread" Jane told us we would love the spread and she was right! We all ordered the "Fried Mary's Chicken with Mashed Potatoes & Gravy, Horseradish Slaw and a Damn Fine Buttermilk Biscuit"   One of my roomates is Brasilan and couldn't believe they had "Moqueca Baiana of Rockfish, Shrimp and Clam." We found out one of the bartenders was also from Brasil and had brought the recipe back with him after Carnival.   Jane gave us a small version just to try and we are going to all come back just for it! The Fried Chicken came and was incredible as we expected. But the best part of the meal had to be the buttermilk biscuit... it was simply perfect. All and all we throughly enjoyed our experience at Firefly and plan to return soon! Jane told us next time we have to sit at the bar like locals.	 0
Honestly fabulous. Cute, cozy, understated, everything executed to perfection. Barramundi, bread, butterscotch pudding.	 0
This place is a rip! We went in last week as I felt like a desert and my husband was hungry for a meal. In solidarity we ordered desert & wine first. We both had the chocolate cake with the mint ice cream. The cake  was horrible, it was dry, dense & very heavy. It tasted more like a flourless cake but it never mentioned that in the menu.  My husband was still eager to order another meal but as we were so close to the table across us we noticed the food which they had ordered and we could clearly see that it looked just like any other meal we would order at a cafe and not worth the $26-$32 we would pay for it. The desert was a good indication.   This place needs to look at the menu pricing and maybe make some adjustments as it's Noe Valley and not Manhattan NY.	 1
Quite disappointing.   Given that Firefly is right in our hood and has some great reviews, we decided to head here for Valentine's dinner a few years ago. Unfortunately, the only commendable highlight was the romantic-cozy candlelit ambiance. Both the food and service were entirely underwhelming.   We had the Daikon Radish Cakes (way too sour), The Fried Mary's Chicken (way too bland and flavorless. Also, it was a bit dry) and the Liberty Duck (way too chewy and mushy). The dishes are not really inventive and creative -- they're more traditional and classic. Thus, it's even more upsetting that they couldn't nail down the classic recipes.   Our waitress was quiet and curt, and made our dining experience quite uncomfortable.   In a city filled with such top-tier restaurants, don't sell yourself short by heading to Firefly. It's mediocrity at its finest.	 1
Impeccable! Fare, fun and the freedom to be and enjoy sums up only a part of the parcel that Firefly brings to the great and unpretentious well-heeled denizens of Noe Valley. Tucked discretely blocks away from the grungy charm of Mission Blvd, this spot is a haven to those who seek a heavenly marriage of great company and great food. Wait teams are intuitive and attentive, knowing when to abound and when to abase. Do not enter nor leave without having the rock shrimp cakes; adorned in corn, nectarine, peaches and California avocado purée. Simple decadence shrouded in decorative sweep. Before sunset, the crowd is truly intimate, purposeful and at an indulgent whisper. Thereafter, liveliness meets early weekender crowds.   Overall, it is one of the best restaurants I've been fortunate to guest. I would choose this place over Gary Danko in a double-staccato heartbeat. The price of fare is fair and one truly gets more than one pays for. Plus!; any restaurant that offers Oregonian wine on its menu is a friend of mine. Keep up tempo Firefly.   And to think: I caught fireflies as a child for fishing. There? I'm the bait. And I am but delighted to be bated, sated, and on the hook for getting along swimmingly there. Namaste'	 0
Love this restaurant.  Food is incredible, and the people who work here are amazing.  The atmosphere is warm and comfy.  My favorite restaurant in San Francisco. The wine selection is also wonderful (great selection of unoaked Chardonnays).  I'm not gluten free, but it's also very gluten-free friendly.	 0
First time client, but will definitely be back . My meal was great, but the selection of ice creams for dessert-- omg! I am a self admitted ice cream snob- and if it's not great I won't eat it. Firefly ice cream selection was a perfect finale to an amazing day and a fantastic date :)	 0
Highlight: The Acme bread w/the seasonal spread, brussel sprouts, and service.  Lowlight: terrible interior lighting at night, prices for the portions you get and the SF health mandate fee.  I came here hungry after a bike ride w/several of my friends and as the stars says, I've had better.  The lighting is very dim here, so be prepared to be blinded by surrounding parties w/their phone flashlights.  So my friends ordered the bread Warm Acme levain with the seasonal spread, and the  Brussels sprouts with parmesan and truffle oil and it was quite good.  I ordered the Firefly meatloaf ($24) and it was a humble slice of meatloaf with a lot of veggies and some gravy surrounding it.  The slice of meatloaf is the size of merely connecting my thumbs and index fingers from my right and left hands together to form a circle and that's approximately what you would get. (I got medium sized human hands if all of you were wondering...). If it was $10 cheaper I could definitely justify the price, but for $24 for so little meat and mostly veggies? I definitely wasn't full after dinner.  The servers were great and attentive to our party.  Can't say I'd come here again for dinner.	 1
My partner and I came in with out-of-Towner friends on a Sunday night. My best friend has always been a vegetarian and we usually end up finding her things on menus out of limited choices. We came to Firefly because they offer SO many choices for Vegetarians and they even offer a VEGAN entree, which tends to be my favorite (even as a meat eater). My friend said she's never had such amazing food as a vegetarian.   The heirloom tomatoes with house made cheese were delicious!  The staff was friendly, approachable, and accommodating. Jane was our server and it actually felt like she was having us over for dinner! Would definitely come back, and bring friends with me!	 0
Mozzeria is a legend in the SF deaf community and I have a deaf brother so we headed there one night for dinner.  I made a reservation about 30 minutes before we got there so we could skip the line.  It's smaller than I thought it would be - about 12-15 tables.  All the employees are deaf and speak ASL.  Many deaf patrons, so the place was very quiet.  The food was very good, the service excellent.  I know some ASL, but the servers are able to easily communicate with non-signers as well.  Coming here you get good food, great service and a glimpse into the deaf community.  Truly a great experience and highly recommended.	 0
What a great experience this was! I promised my daughters BFF that I would go with her to this restaurant as she was a little intimidated by the fact that restaurant is owned and ran by all deaf people. She is currently taking classes but it has been 10 years for me,but I'm down.  We had a reservation and we sat right away! Well after I signed my name! I suggest you have one or be there early because it's small and fills up quick! The staff were all great! They help you along the way if you are "attempting" to sign and if you can't, fret not, there's pen And paper on the tables. It came back like it was 19..nvm, back in the day! Ok, so like I said, the place is quaint & we were sat right next to the 800 degrees(I believe that's what I read) oven and on a cold night in SF, that was perfect! We also were able to see all of the different pizzas come right out of the oven. I tried to snap a pic without getting up from my table, but the duck pizza and the farm egg  looked really good! We had the Italian sausage with sweet red onions on garlic sauce! It was delish! The crust was thin and crispy and just like I like it! The one 12'fed us 3 , but That was because we started with the burrata. I'm not going to lie..had I not just seen this on Triple D hours earlier that day, I would have had no idea what it was and would have passed it up! It was yummy! I love cheese and this was no exception! The creaminess of the cheese with the balsamic and wonton twists.. yummy! I would have preferred the wonton to be warm, but either way- it was good!  They have a dessert menu but I couldn't and drive home!!  That's my excuse for going back and trying more pizza as well as the dessert! Oh did I mention they have a great wine selection, lots of RED!  Give it a try! It's amazing!	 0
We went here for restaurant week and ordered one prix fixed menu and off the regular menu as well. The appetizers were half assed, the spinach salad was basically just spinach with a little dressing, cubes of cheese, and halved tomatoes. The charcuterie board was quite pathetic, just a few pieces of meet and cheese, and olives stuffed with raw garlic. The burrata is good but more like mozzarella. The pizzas were quite good but very salty.	 1
Charcuterie and Cheese Plate, Margherita Pizza, Peking Duck Pizza, Mushroom Pizza, Hosui Pear Pizza, House Made Bombolino, two Tap Beers, one Latte, and one Mozzeria Sunrise. Mozzeria is a  deaf couple owned Italian restaurant. I brought my family here to have a dinner in supporting the Deaf community. Their Neapolitan Pizzas were exquisite, full of freshness, and flavorful! Highly recommend if you're in a mood of having gourmet pizza with your family!	 0
This review is based on my daughter's experience since she is a Yelp reader but not writer!  She visited with three people who sign so that part was easy.  She liked the fact the entire pizza is made in front of you and the ingredients are fresh and not processed.  It was also "cool watching everyone do ASL."  She powered down a Margarita pizza on her own and said it tasted great.  Interior was modern and clean but small.    The furnace was right next to her table with no separate kitchen so she could see all the action.   I asked if there is anything else I should add to the review and her response "No, it was just really good" and "after eating this pizza, I don't really care about eating any other pizza."	 0
Small pizza 14$ ?!?!??? Way to much and on top of that a standard soda is 3$. Went here with a party of 6 and only bought one pizza everyone had regular drinks like soda/ beer, 1 beer even had pizza sauce in it(nasty as fuck). Bill came out to almost $60 and they add there own tip + take 18% out of the bill with out informing you first. Bad customer service, pizza wasn't even very good quality, very salty/ soggy. First time here with 4 members of my family members who are deaf as well, and will never come back. Fully support the deaf community but this place I say is a no go.	 1
Margherita Tuesday is the best as pizza is just $10. Excellent service and food. Will be back	 0
ASL friendly! They were able to accommodate with a senior citizen in my group with the seatings (she needed a seat with the back support)	 0
My first time trying this was from the food park with their awesome and beautiful food truck. In fact their food truck is too beautiful to be called a food truck. This is a super delicious pizza. One of my all time favorites. At the food park I had my friend do the ordering. I believe it was written on a piece of paper and then handed to the cashier.... This is a deaf - establishment. Is that the politically correct way to say it?   Their store is beautiful. Patrons talk to one another but of course you cant talk at this restaurant to get your order across either.  The restaurant seems to be centered around their oven and this is part of what makes the pizza so special. All ovens are not equal. The dough is top notch... and the toppings are high end and super flavorful.   I wonder if its possible to order a pizza here that I don't like? Hmm sounds like a great personal challenge that will result in many happy evenings here trying their every type of pizza.	 0
Will def return to this culinary curator! The pavo en chilmole is awesome! It's got a satisfying robust flavor that hits you straight away, then your enjoyment deepens as the texture of that flavor settles into your canyonus taste buds and on into your pleasure centers.  ¡Mil gracias!	 0
Surprisingly good Pollo en Mole!!! Hard to believe the restaurant was not even half full during dinner time.  If you are a fan of chicken(especially chicken thigh) and mole sauce, you can't miss Pollo en Mole as the chicken is so juicy and tender, it's already perfect by itself, let alone with their chocolate-y mole sauce!   And since the restaurant is family-style and not too busy, it's a really nice place to catch up with good old friends in an easy setting, when nothing but the core value matters - food and a good conversation.	 0
Food is excellent. Five stars for the food, including fresh homemade corn tortillas, and black beans.  Service today (Wed around 4pm) was very slow.  Specialty dish is citrus marinated grilled pork and fried whole fish is also delicious.	 0
Walked in on a Saturday around noon and the restaurant only had two other diners in there. Ambiance is not great--part of the front of the restaurant is used for storage which is weird.  We were given a complimentary bowl of chips with salsa. Chips are very thick. One salsa was very spicy, but lacked flavor. The other salsa lacked flavor and spice. Friend ordered the Poc-Chuc (grilled pork) dish and it was dry and flavorless. I was expecting a pork chop, but it was kind of thin like bacon. I ordered the braised chicken. It was huge, but again I didn't think it was seasoned enough.  Service was friendly. At the time of this review, the restaurant had four stars which is hard to comprehend given my experience. I would not come back here.	 1
This is one of the only truly authentic Mexican restaurants I have tried that is still open. The food is excellent, very reminiscent of the food I have eaten in the Mayan Riviera.  The staff is very warm and friendly, and they make you feel like a friend welcomed for dinner in their home.  The habanero salsa as spicy as one would expect and hope for, but has the beautiful simple balance of heat and acidity that keeps it from being overpowering.  If you enjoy fish, the pescado frito is a must-have. The crispy and well seasoned outside gently flakes away to reveal a perfectly tender juicy and flavorful meat.  Don't miss this hidden gem among the many underwhelming taco and burrito shops in the Mission!	 0
Our group of four stumbled upon this hidden gem when our intended spot nearby was booked up. Mayan-influenced food for the night it would be!  We shared some things, but each got an individual dish, too. My part of the whole enchilada was as follows: -Guacamole and Chips -Platillo Maya (shared) -Chimole de pavo - Turkey molé soup -Sangria  Will immediately insist you get their original guacamole mix. Tastiest chip complement you can walk into -- with a sangria, especially.  I enjoyed both the ginormous Platillo Mayo and my more personal serving of Chimole de Pavo -- the latter did "just the trick". I'd never had a soup with turkey as the primary meat source (and yet, who hasn't heard about Chicken Noodle Soup?), *AND* I love molé! Kind of like a spicier Thanksgiving broth, and quite delicious.  An acoustic guitarist played so peacefully and romantically in the background that I often could not speak! His notes often enticed me away from my plate. He sat so close by... :-)  Sure as heck hope to return!	 0
Not such a good service. Came in didnt really pay attention to us. Gave us our food. Without the entree or the drinks. They even forgot our order came to asked us twice. Better service is needed.	 1
If you've lived in Mexico or eaten the cuisine extensively you know that the small, hole-in-the-wall, tucked away restaurants are always the best.   Not sure why yelp feels the need to highlight the health inspection rating for this spot--trust me when I say that a passing rating in SF would put it in the top 95% of restaurants if it were in Mexico.  Favorites: Poc Chuc, Platillo Maya. The tortillas are heavenly, and the salsas are the best in town.	 0
Great place! Love it! I should really come here more often as it is just off the 16th St. Bart station. The two times I've been here I ordered the same thing (I was feeling nice and meaty :p).   We started with the complimentary chips that come with two different types of salsa. I love the chips. They have just about the perfect amount of grease and texture to them. And if it is your lucky day they will be handing out complimentary GUACAMOLE. Guys seriously though, try the guacamole, it is the best guacamole I have had. I couldn't get enough of it. I should really ask them their recipe for it, truly awesome!  Then on comes the Carne Asada dinner plate. This is great as well. They actually serve you a good amount of carne asada which is so tender and juicy. The marinade is also superb. And if you want you can ask for girlled onions which is also cooked to perfection.  For such an inexpensive place, it really deserves 5 stars. The staff is also very friendly.   Cheers! :)	 0
Hot damn that was satisfying. I ordered 2 tacos and the empanadas - they had a lot of well cooked meat and flavor. They came out quickly and were delicious. I was stuffed at the end.   Lovely service as well.	 0
No idea why this place gets the reviews it does. Mayan appetizer plate was not even close to tasty. Eponymous pork dish was decent. Tacos were meh, both pork and carne asada. Chips were beyond stale. No ice for water or ice tea, meaning the only drinks you can get are super sugary. Slow service despite a near empty room at 8pm. And to top it all off, no soap in the bathroom. Places with a 4.5 star average almost never fail to impress, but this one sure did.	 1
Poc Chuc is a long time favorite. Their Pollo Pibil and Cochinitas Pibil are both phenomenal. I used to work nearby, but now live out of the country, but I try my best to stop here when I find myself in the area again.	 0
I love the food and ambiance this place has to offer.  However my 1 star is for the poor food safety guidelines this restaurant lacks.   -they recycle the chips and tortillas from  table to table  -ready to eat food seats next to dirty already eaten out of dishes or raw food -I had requested to get a box for my left overs...and not only did they pack my left over chicken pibil, but also someone else's beans and tortillas!! I did not ask for beans nor tortillas to go! So why pour me some off of someone's plate???   It truly breaks my heart to see how a restaurant with such high potential and great number of clientele ignores food safety. I'm sure we can all look pass rude waiters or slow service, but please don't look pass the safety of your health!!	 1
I just LOVE this place. By far the best crepes I've ever had. And to top it off? Ice cream that looks like a bear ;)   I originally got the ice cream crepe for my son, but he didn't like it too much. Guess I lucked out! The price was also pretty reasonable. I believe it was about $5.50.	 0
This is a must if you're ever at or near Japantown! The employees here work very fast and efficiently. They make the crepes right in front of you, and they don't mind if you record them either!   You can either build your own crepe or choose one of their combos. The total was about $14 for two crepes - a little pricey, but worth it, in my opinion! I asked the lady to make my crepe into a bear and she obliged. I was super happy with my bear! Lol.  Not only are the crepes so freakin' cute, but they are also delicious. My only critique is that there was very little fruit in comparison to how much whipped cream there was in the crepe. Some bites were just crepe and LOADS of whipped cream. I love whipped cream, and for me to say there was too much whipped cream is saying a lot. Next time, I'll add on more fruit, which is an extra $0.75.	 0
These crepes are so freaking good! Belly good indeed with plenty of options to choose from when customizing your crepe. I got a crepe (wrapped because it looks cuter vs. plate) with vanilla ice cream, strawberries, nutella and blueberry jam. It was perfect and you get an adorable face on your crepe. FYI, you get a face if you choose to have ice cream in your crepe.	 0
The cutest crepes! Honestly I went here just for a cute photo but left with a cute photo and a super cute and yummy crepe.   The location was a bit hard to find at first but it's in the lower level area.   The employees are super nice and friendly my friend requested hers to be made into a bear and they were able to accommodate.   However for me I felt the crepe itself was too sweet and I didn't really like all the whipped cream in it but it was still tasty!	 0
This is the place to go for the cutest and yummiest crepes! You can get your crepe wrapped or served on a plate. These are the best crepes I've ever had. I love the cute characters they make into their dessert crepes, their fresh ingredients and the soft crepe shell. You get to choose the ice cream, sauce, and fruit that go into your crepe and there are extra toppings you can add on. This is perfect if you're craving something sweet and also insta worthy! It's my favorite place to go for crepes, not only because of the cute characters but because of their fresh and soft crepe shell.	 0
FYI - CASH ONLY!  The line was always crazy long but it went through pretty quickly and the crepes came out fast as well. I wish we had a place like this in Denver, where I'm from! We ended up getting the banana, Nutella, almond crepe with a scoop of vanilla. OFF THE HOOK OMG! Milk tea boba was good too.   Can't wait to go back and try more. The food is super cute and delicious! Yay Japantown!	 0
The best crepes in San Francisco! Not only are the crepes cute, but they're delicious. The way they make their crepes soft and chewy reminds me of the ones I used to get in Japan!   I've been going to Belly Good for the past 4 years and the taste never changes. Always delicious. They have a wide selection and options to choose from, but I usually just make my own.  Their wrapped crepes are convenient to eat as you shop around Japantown. I always get a wrapped crepe with strawberries, whipped cream, condensed milk, and strawberry cheesecake icecream. Try it out if you're a strawberry lover like me!  I stopped by during the holiday week and got a cute santa crepe	 0
Current review: I was super craving sweets. So I decided to try their plated menu with the choices picked out for you. I chose #12.   The plated version is WAYYY better than the cone version. You get more of the filling FOR SURE. Plated is the way to go. And such a better deal than the cone. Will definitely return.      Previous review: 3 stars Came to give this place a second try. Compared to Sophie's, this place is cheaper. Sophie's, you pay for add ons.  You choose what you want in your crepe and it costs about 5.75 with out extras, which you don't really need.   One order is enough for one person, definitely not to share. The scoop of ice cream is pretty small. Overall, the taste is just okay. It does its job for satisfying that small craving. They do put love into decorating but I feel that they can improve. I asked for strawberry fruit and they only had slivers of it in the crepe. Like, paper thin. I tried to give it a second chance years later and still wasn't impressed.	 0
I had been wanting to try this place for a while, but hadn't had a penchant for desserts lately. My fiancée insisted this time though, so we went. We got the oreo special which was so good, even though in combined so many flavors. It had coffee ice cream, vanilla ice cream, oreo cookies, bananas, and peanut butter. It had two cute little bears or whatever on top, and a little heart in the middle. Adorable! Even though I said I was only going to have a bite, I finished half. I have been trying to avoid dairy, but this is one of the rare super delicious things that have been put in front of me that I couldn't resist.	 0
Omg this place is the freaken bomb!!!  I was in the JapanCenter and after lunch, I craved something sweet and there were a lot of options but honestly this place is the best. Why??   First off, the crepes look hella cute! Perfect for pictures and they also taste really good. There's a wide variety of ice cream options and toppings you can choose. They also have like many menu items with good flavor combos incase you don't know what to choose. The best part is that they all come decorated in a unique and adorable way!  Aside from taste and the pleasing visuals, the service is very good. After I placed my order with the cashier, I literally waited for only a min and was surprised to get order.  Overall a perfect place for a cute and sweet treat with many flavor options and incredibly fast service.	 0
I was a bit wary coming to this place for Sunday brunch because I heard the average wait time is 2 hours. I guess I got lucky!   I was able to get in within 30 minutes. I put my name down for 2 at 12:00PM. I think the wait time would definitely be significantly longer if you have a party larger than 2. The restaurant is very small and does not have many tables. Plan accordingly.   I highly recommend the spinach and mushroom benedict with the bacon add on. The extra $3 for the bacon is soooo worth it. I still thought about that delicious bacon hours after my meal. It was a nice thick cut and was wonderfully caramelized. I can see why people line up to eat brunch here :)	 0
If you're coming for brunch, expect a wait... But is it worth the wait?! YES.  If you're sharing anything, get the truffle fries. Perfectly crisped fries w/ shredded cheese infused w/ truffle oil. And a large portion for what you pay? Uh, no-brainer there!  My friends & I split our mains: the French toast, the the duck confit hash & the spinach mushroom Benedict. The hash was great - shreds of duck meat w/ seasonal veggies perfectly tossed & topped w/ a homemade gravy. The French toast was soft & topped w/ fresh cranberries and pear bits plus a dollop of homemade cream. The sweetness of the maple syrup & cream didn't over-empower the flavor of the French toast, which I appreciated. And the eggs in the eggs Benedict was poached just right. I loved the flavors that mixed w/ the spinach & mushrooms. And that English muffin was just right - soft & buttery as it should be!  If you're looking for delicious brunch, this place definitely will not disappoint!	 0
Okaaay MBC...arrived on a Sunday morning, and was asked what I'd like to order almost as soon as my visiting father and I were handed a menu. Fine, it's the Sunday brunch crunch. Within 5 minutes of ordering, our food arrived (Once again I totally get it, Sunday is when you make all your money and table turn is a must). But...  The risk of preparing things at light speed is that quality suffers. Which it very much did in this case. My mashed potatoes were ice cold - virtually frozen. And while my crostini had faint burn marks indicating a symbolic minute or two of prep, they tasted, and actually were, completely untoasted and untasty.   Slow down, respect your food and customers, and take some care with your product, guys. My local McDonalds spends more effort preparing my order than you did during my last visit.	 1
This is a classic brunch place which does eggs benedicts well.. well, much alike other places.  The reason for a not-so-fancy review is because their french toast was disappointing. It tasted like french -croissant. Super buttery, heavy, nothing outstanding about the dish. :(   Service was friendly and they seated us pretty quickly.	 1
Dropped by here on a rainy weekday morning for brunch and I was so impressed. First of all, the service here so friendly and quick. I was immediately seated (of course, this was a weekday - I can't imagine how busy it probably gets on Sundays). Ordered my food and got my mushroom and spinach egg benedict with bacon...in less than 10 minutes. The benedict itself was DELISH and the bacon was absolutely incredible (reminds me of Kitchen Story's Millionaire bacon, but a bit crispier and a little less sweet). Not sure what type of hollandaise-type sauce they used, but it complemented the dish perfectly without drowning it. The accompanying yukon potatoes were great as well. Overall, the experience I had was wonderful and I will definitely be coming back again!	 0
The mushroom egg benedicts ARE SOOOOO GOOD!!! Especially with the sweet and savory bacon on them, don't skimp on the bacon addition! I've had my share of egg benedicts in my lifetime, but this one trumps them all. I'm not even a vegetarian! I just figured I'd go to town with my mushroom consumption while vacationing without my boyfriend who has a (strange/random) mushroom allergy, and boy did it pay off nicely at Mission Beach Cafe. I will eat this again even with him here!   I hear lines are suppose to be insane during the weekends, we fortunately strolled in early morning on a weekday and did not have to wait one bit. Our friend/host who lives in the neighborhood initially recommended this place to us for their french toast, which was also very good. Excited to try other things on the menu next time we're back in town.	 0
Possibly my fave brunch place in SF, but phenomenally long lines, especially on the weekend. And by long, i mean like 1.5 hour wait min  Food is seriously tasty; I had the french toast which was amazing. But it's a really stuffy restaurant with strangely big and clunky chairs.  Service is a little rushed, but expected, given the crowd.   If you can visit on a random weekday, that may work out great	 0
Quality comfort food with a modern twist.... at a steal!  Talk about throwback thursday!! I would definitely return to Mission Beach cafe in a heartbeat! Their brunch menu includes an innovative twist on traditional brunch fare. I was indecisive on going bold and ordering the duck confit. But with some brief convincing (YOLO) i went for it and boyyy did I make the right choice. The duck was tender, juicy, and melded well with the yolk from the over easy eggs. The saltiness of the duck jus was balanced by the mustard sour cream... I have no idea why I am typing like i'm a judge on an episode of food network's chopped. But I will continue on and leave my review of the duck confit at this note... If meditation was a food, this duck hash would be the perfect resemblance.. It will leave you in pure ZEN.   By the way, the brioche french toast is literally to die for. I always thought the french toast at sweet maple was amazing. But Mission Beach's simple and no frills take on french toast is an easy match against sweet maple's.   2 hour parking within the vicinity is also available, cross your fingers you will come out lucky on your visit there!	 0
This is a nice spot. They have good breakfast and lunch options. Also there aren't a lot of other options in the area, so this is a good option. That tomato soup was great.   Don't be fooled by the strange interior, it's good. Just a couple of suggestions for the staff (I'll delete these later.   1. Take the chairs off the top of the bar.   2. Remove the water and Diet Coke from under the seats. It makes you seem like a bodega.   3. Try to find a style. The concrete floors and old tables aren't doing it. Also you have 8 different types of lights.   4. Make a non-laminated menu	 0
Favorite brunch/breakfast place in SF: cozy, calm, not crowded and the food is exceptionnal! Large choice of specials (not included in menu) This is not your regular eggs and bacon: bacon is high quality, same for hashbrown and fruits. Other recommendations: tartines, hot chocolate, acai bowl.	 0
Such a wonderful neighborhood spot in Noe/Mission. Great cozy ambience (plus nice outside seating that is puppy friendly) and the food is always delicious. The croque napoleon/Josephine is great for brunch. Their dinners are also great with wonderful fromage/charcuterie plates that you can pair with a nice wine selection. The server is really nice and great at his job, plus they always play relaxing music. To make it a rarity, they hardly ever have a wait! Highly recommend!	 0
My Fiancé and I go there for Sunday brunch and it's amazing !!! GREAT STAFF !!! They take care of us very well and they always have great specials !!!	 0
Has potential however food was not that great. Wings were undercooked (great seasoning though). Grouper was small and mediocre. Many other restaurants in the area that are much better for the price. Will not be coming back.	 1
Such a cozy and quaint neighborhood cafe that consistently has amazing food and great wine. I absolutely love their quiche and flambé but today I decided to go with the Caprese Tartine, flavorful and light, perfect for lunch. I'm always impressed with the quality ingredients and excellent friendly service.	 0
Ordered this off of Uber eats and I was extremely disappointed. We got 3 items in total, the Belgian Endive Salad, the Croque Napoleon, and the Quiche Lorraine. We were thoroughly disappointed by 2 of them. The salad that was $13.50 filled up only 1/3 of the box and didn't taste that good. The quiche was really dry, and came with toast but no jam. The only dish that didn't disappoint was the Croque Napoleon.	 1
I came here because of the rating but this place fell way short of 4 and a half stars. Stingy on the toppings. Not close to the pics on Yelp.  Service is sup par. I will never return. Wouldn't recommend.	 1
We've lived in the neighborhood and have been coming to Noeteca for years. The food and service was always great. Unfortunately, a recent change in ownership has led to a sharp decline in service. The new owner has cut down on wait/kitchen staff (presumably to cut costs) leading to snail-slow service. My husband and I have waited upwards of 15 minutes to even get water. We've given it 3rd and 4th chances but have had to give up. The food is still good, but it is preferable to eat elsewhere to avoid waiting indefinitely and being pretty much ignored throughout the meal. I hope it turns around...	 1
This is my mom's favorite restaurant in SF!   Noeteca is a testament to the belief that simple, understated and unassuming restaurants can sometimes be the most satisfying. Unpretentious, cozy and neighborhood-y, Noeteca allows the focus of the experience to purely be on the food and wine. The menu selection is limited but fret not because every single item on the menu is outstanding. It's impossible to go wrong with absolutely anything over here.   Our favorites are:  1. Classic tarte flambee w/ bacon, caramelized onions, cheese, chives and creme fraiche  2. Margherita tarte flambee w/ roasted bell peppers, tomatoes, caramelized onions, basil, cheese and creme fraiche  3. Quiche Lorraine (smoked ham) 4. Croque Napoleon with layers of savory bread pudding and smoked ham and cheese 5. The soup of the day! We've had both the mushroom bisque and the salmon & corn chowder and both were impeccable. The flavor profile is seriously the best 6. Mimosas - the combination of both grapefruit and orange juice transcends the champagne from a simple orange mimosa!  7. Hot chocolate with whipped cream - this will change your life. An absolute must-try for all of its creamy goodness   Seriously, you have to order yourself a flambee when you're here! It's basically a fancier version of a thin crust pizza and infinitely tastier!   Truly a neighborhood gem for all the lucky folks in Bernal Heights and Noe Valley.  Happy Eating, Yelpers!  P.S. There is an adorable outdoor seating option so definitely take advantage of that on sunny days! Also, your furry four-legged friends are welcome to dine w/ you in the outside patio!	 0
HOT PRESS IS SO DOPE. Discovering it was honestly like stumbling into panini narnia.  1. This place is so chill. Plenty of seating, always have a fútbol game playing, and Ibiza style house music is always on in the background.   2. All of the sandwiches are super on point. Tri-tip and pollo de la mission are the standouts.   3. Something for everyone, plenty of GOOD vegetarian options, gluten free, etc.   When you don't feel like battling the hype crowds on Mission St, Hot Press is honestly such a gem.	 0
Went for the first time today and I was pleasantly surprised! The owner, Neil, was super friendly and kind. He didn't complain once to my switching of bread or various modification requests (god damnit sometimes I'm just difficult, alright?!).   The ambiance of the place could use some work. But the quality of food and service far outshines the decor and ambiance for me.  I got the Mozzerina (forget the exact name), which is basically a caprese sandwich. I added turkey and avocado to it. It was glorious.  What stood out for me: - Perfectly crispy but soft ciabatta bread fresh out of the panini press  - Good quality fresh mozzarella cheese - Outstanding homemade pesto (super garlicky, you've been warned.. In the best way possible) - Generous portion of avocado - Good olive oil   The side beans salad was also tasty. The hot sauce was flavorful but not enough heat for me.   Running a no frills food business in the mission nowadays is no easy feat, especially with the level of kindness and generosity Neil showed me. I can tell he is passionate about his food and it showed.   Come for the sando and leave feeling good about supporting your local business!	 0
Fantastic, big, very well tasting grilled sandwiches (paninis). I've tried a few of them so far and never been disappointed. Ask to make them a bit spicy. There are also some awesome and unusual soft drinks in the fridge if you're into that stuff. Nael provides a great and fast customer service and is a really nice chap to talk to.	 0
Definitely a fan Hot Press! I always want to try as many of the different panini'S on offer but I can't help but always order the Pollo De La Misión. The sauce in it is so good, esp on a cold day.  The comical blurbs on the street A-frame board are also something I get a kick out of too!	 0
This place is fantastic! Quiet little cafe space with a very friendly staff. The Staten Island Hot Panini was delicious and came with a side of chick peas. Baked treats here are also really great and fresh. Definitely a place to stop in San Francisco!	 0
You want a panini in SF, hit up Hot Press. We have been going since they opened. Not only are the combos for the panini's unique, they are sups yummy.   Naiel (spelling?) is hella sweet and always provides A+ customer service. Sometimes I'll go in on odd hours just to chop it up with him while he puts together my sammy. Ask him, and he'll match ya chips w ya panini! Wee!	 0
Truly an amazing find. I randomly decided to swing in before work to grab a bite and now I'm in love. The Pollo de la Mission Panini is amazing. The flavors are all very robust and the bread is perfectly crunchy as any good panini should be. There was a surprisingly large amount of chicken on the sandwich which is awesome. Personally I would ask for light on the sauce next time but that's just me.   Great find and I would highly recommend. Would also be a great spot if you're hungover.	 0
My go-to Panini spot! Try the Pollo de la Mission or the Try Trick Me. Yum!	 0
We were looking for lunch and this place popped up with 4.5 stars. It's definitely not overrated. Neil made us a couple of sandwiches (me: prosciutto, her:Mr. Gobbler) that were perfect for sitting at a table on the sidewalk and watching the Mission walk by. Plus, the chocolate chip cookie has just enough dough to hold the chocolate chunks together. And, when was the last time you had a Bubble Up? Good job, Neil! We'll be back again.	 0
I'm in agreement with Aristides N. Way overrated.   The patrons all seemed to know the guy working there and people periodically came in just to say hello and people waved from the street. I somehow get the feeling that's why the rating on yelp is so good. This guy has a lot of friends.  My sandwich was pretty lackluster, but I ate most of it out of desperate hunger. I tried the In The Mix sandwich and the boyfriend had the Mr. Gobbler. Neither were all that memorable unfortunately and in my opinion, the tomato was very depressingly watery.	 1
I only had a panini but the place has a good selection of drinks, has quality food, and service was awesome! I had the pollo de la mission panini and it was delicious..	 0
Great food and customer service, love supporting small biz like this one. Plus you can watch soccer while you eat the yummy food.	 0
Spicy chicken Pollo is the bomb! Sandwhich is great. The owner runs the place and is very friendly.	 0
I remember it being much juicier chicken, this pollo sandwich tasted dry, not to mention their delivery charges are misleading. It says $9.00 minimum for delivery, but then they charge $5 for delivery? makes no sense, now lets add the tip I gave the driver, most expensive sandwich ever and it was subpar to what I recall years ago tasting. Also, what happened to the white boxes the sandwiches used to come in with a side salad? I got mine wrapped in regular paper and thrown in a plastic bag. really? dont think I would order delivery again, nor do I feel inclined to stop in after this experience.	 1
Atmosphere (4/5): It's not high-end nor hipster, but more of a homey vibe. The seats are very  uniquely shaped and can fit large parties but I can also see for it to be awkward in certain situations since there aren't clear borders in the round seats on some connecting booths. Low-key, casual, homey. All good if that's the vibe you're going for!  Food (4.5/5): The hummus was great!!! The portion size looked smaller than usual in the beginning, but turned out to be perfectly portioned. It was enough to make me full, but not the hurting-feeling-because-I-feel-awkward-to-take-home-a-couple-pieces-left-but-can't-waste-it-either. My Chicken Schwarma was on the drier end -1 star, but my friend's beef schwarma and the hummus +1 star!  Service (5/5): Someone, I'm assuming the owner, came around every table to ask if we were doing good and offered extra hummus or pita if we'd like. We'd just need to go up and ask the counter. (Skeptical me thought, Does this cost extra??) I didn't go for more because I was satisfied. The food also came out as fast as pho (which is crazy high standards and perfect for when you're starving).  Bottom line: But this place made me feel like I was eating at his home. Fast service, great food, yummy hummus, homey, not too fancy, a great staple. Not dirt cheap, not too expensive. Definitely will be coming back.	 0
Don't order online. They usually send wrong order also they never put napkins or spoon fork or salt.   Foods are ok not perfect	 1
I was sad to learn Palmyra doesn't deliver to my new house in the Outer Mission, but it was awesome while it lasted. It's one of my favorite delivery options. Get it if you can!   I've had Palmyra catered to my work and delivered to my house (multiple times), and in both cases it was on time and delicious. When I'm feeling something filling but not greasy, I turn here. The hummus is delightful, and while this doesn't happen every time, more often than not I get a bagful of pita when I request it as a side (maybe I order at the end of their rush and they think they need to get rid of it. I'm not complaining; it's tasty).   I suppose I'd say that's my only 'complaint' about the place-- while the basic portions for plates are consistent, the portion sizes and quantities for the side dishes seems a little more like however much they feel like sending you, so it can be hard to gauge whether you're ordering enough or too much.  Like most delivery, the meat tends to arrive more cooked than I'd make it myself. However, it is more tender than most delivery for the lamb kebabs and rotisserie chicken, which are my top meat selections. Yum!	 0
Got delivery and it was amazing. Fries in the shawarma were great. Also tried the lamb plate and the veggies are fresh, the lamb was delicious and the hummus was great too.	 0
After visiting almost all of the Arabic and middle eastern places, I can defiantly say this the best one. The owner is very kind person and he is always there making sure everything is just like what you wanted it. Service is good and fast, and the restaurant has a nice atmosphere for dining in. Finally, a pice of Advice, you really should try their chicken shawarma Syrian style, it is something you can't find elsewhere.	 0
Four stars on Yelp, phew! Lately I've been looking up all my favorite local spots on Yelp and wondering why their reviewers be hatin'.   For the record, Palmyra is the kind of place you don't want to walk in having high expectations of. Don't get me wrong, it is very good. But it's not like newer SF businesses, which use the same formula to maximize profits: modern decor, popular ingredients, an umbilical cord to social media.   When I walk into Palmyra, whether I'm getting an order to-go or dining in, I feel like I'm visiting the home of an extended relative. It is so obviously family-owned and cared for accordingly. The space is eclectic, featuring an indoor mural of a stone wall, fake plants, paintings of dogs, and books lying everywhere in between the circular booths (there used to be PILES of books). When you go to order, you can see the kitchen staff doin' their thang.   There are lemons fermenting in a large glass apparatus near the register, but not on display, in an attention-seeking way. I asked the man who took my order about the lemons and he said they use them in their food prep. "Oh, nice," I responded to this brief explanation, imagining what it would be like to bite into one.  Their falafel is very good, I have had much success with the falafel pita wrap in the past. Today I ordered the beef shawarma wrap and, completely unable to resist, a piece of kanafeh-  Oh wait, you don't know what kanafeh is? Neither do I, that is to say I can never remember what it's called, but I've ordered it so many times that I almost don't need to.   Imagine a fluffy yet moist honey cake with a rich, nuttiness that is simple and so so appealing to the palate. Your mouth will understand this dessert. With some sort of toasted coconut (I think that's what it is?) crust enmeshed on the uppermost layer. Topped with crushed pistachio. THAT'S kanafeh. It's sweet and light and has the mysterious power of having cheese incorporated in it without giving my stomach any troubles. Very hard for me to come here without having some of their homemade (!!!) kanafeh.  I promise I didn't eat the kanafeh first.  The beef shawarma wrap was very filling and easy to consume hungry. I ordered it without pickles, and the bottom of my pita bread, which was stuffed with juicy flavorful beef, lettuce, tomato, and tahini, had begun to leak slightly with all the delicious drippings. Napkins definitely needed here, folks!  The menu is so vast, with various salads, kebabs, soups, salads, and plates that it is very easy to come back here for the price point and sake of variety.  And, you know, I hear the kanafeh is pretty good too..	 0
I ordered through Postmates. Palmyra made a mistake and sent me the wrong order! Palmyra mistakenly gave me all chicken shawarmas and the chicken was extremely dry and tough.   Their prices are also higher than what is quoted on Postmates, but Postmates refunded me the difference.	 1
Sure a great spot! The food was amazing. I'll definitely be coming back! Try the Syrian Style wrap with lamb. And cover it with the garlic sauce.... heavenly!	 0
I love Palmyra. The food is really fresh and truly delicious. Their vegetarian platter is too notch, I particularly enjoy baba ganouj. The owner and his wife are really sweet and always make sure that customers have a good experience and are liking the food. One time I came early and they didn't have freshly made falafel yet and were really stressing out to make sure that I had a good meal, gave some extra hummus and salad. I would wake up early to hit up palmyra even though it's a bit out of the way, that's how good it is!	 0
Full Chicken Meal Lamb Sharma Plate Chicken Wrap Falafel Meal  All 5 star winners.	 0
Delicious, affordable and quick. Love their falafel and chicken schwarma platters! Also best tabouli ever.	 0
The falafel and chicken shawerma wraps are great. I've been particularly impressed by how fast they deliver. I always order lunch when I'm working from home :)	 0
Best middle eastern food in the Bay Area  I love it I been going there for almost 3 years very consistent and delicious food	 0
This is by far the best Persian/Middle Eastern restaurant, and by far one of the best restaurants in general, I've ever been to. Service is always really friendly (make sure to book a reservation, this place gets crazy crowded!), the ambience is cozy, comfortable, and romantic, and the food is absolutely superb. Shoutout to the owner who is so, so kind and welcoming. One of the main reasons why I've gone 3 times in the past 2 months despite living about 40 minutes away!   Some of my favorite things I've ordered:  -Sabzi Panir: I like to think this is a Persian version of a cheeseboard. Beautiful spread with herbs, lavash bread, grapes, walnuts, cucumber, tomato, and cheese. Everything was fresh and went great with the wine! I recommend making a sort of "burrito" with it- wrap the cheese, walnuts, veggies, and herbs into the lavash bread. Sooo good.   -Dolmas: Really flavor-packed! Rice, meat, and some spices/herbs wrapped up in grape leaves.   -Kashj-e Bademjam: similar to baba ganoush. This stuff is sooo addictive! Normally not a huge fan of eggplant but the way they roast it and combine it with herbs and spice is so delicious. You spread it on lavash bread sort of like a dip.  -Zereshk Polo: I HAVE to order this every time I go. Something about the savory saffron rice with the sweet/sour little berries. It goes amazing with the fesenjan. Great side dish!  -Fesenjan: My freshman year roommate in college LOVED this dish, so I had to give it a try. It's a delicious rich, curry-like chicken dish made with walnuts and pomegranate. Honestly sounds like a strange combination at first but it works so well. The chicken was moist and the sauce was unique and not too overpowering for how rich it was.  -Basically any kabob you order is excellent, the meat is really tender   -I always get the baklava with the rosewater ice cream. Such a light floral aroma, never had anything like it!  Will be back, definitely. One of my favorite places to treat myself!	 0
Irving Street is an eclectic bunch. Being my own un-decisive self, I just walked into any restaurant with an open door. With a name like "Lavash," the only thing that came to mind was the flat bread from Trader Joes, and well... not being sure what Persian food is, why not give it a try? I peered into the dining room -- nice ambiance. Some of the people running the place were drinking cocktails, so you know they're happy people. I was taken aback when they told me that only accepted reservations at the time, but were more than glad to fulfill my order to-go.   I proceeded to order the Ghormeh Sabzi (a hearty greens and parsley beef stew) with rice. And like a confidante, a lady warned me that the Ghormeh Sabzi was full of unusual flavors! She wanted to make sure that I wasn't going for a food trip I didn't sign up for, being ever so considerate of my taste buds.  But, what the hey! Try something new. So they prepared it as I took off to stroll around for 20 minutes. They immediately knew my order when I came back.  Like a package from a pen pal, I opened the plastic bag and took each container out: the stew, rice, and lavash. I especially liked the little saffron heart they drew on the rice.   Then comes the test, the stew in its meaty and bean lagoon of greens. The first bite was indeed unusual, but it's pretty good! Grant that it doesn't taste like many things I've had, it was an interesting combination of lemony, (heavy) parsley, very herby, with hints of seered beef. It's a fair balance of taste, especially with the rice. It quickly became a dish I'd order at any Persian restaurant! Though, it's not always the same everywhere else :\  If you're ever in the area, try it out! Don't even hesitate to order it as take-out if you can't dine it. It's worth the trip.	 0
Lavash has consistently been the restaurant name on peoples' lips when I inquire, "So where'd you guys go for dinner last night?" Why it took me so long to follow happy diners' recommendations is a mystery, but I can finally include myself in the league of people who sing Lavash's praises.   Never rushed or rushing us, service is welcoming, unpretentious, & calm. It's nice to slow down the pace after a busy day of go, go, go.   We ordered:  -- delicious cherry refresher & mint tea with a candy rock stirrer! Made the kid in me giddy, even if it wasn't my drink!  -- "try it all:" an appetizer of dolma, ground beef patties, baked herb loaf (only item I didn't care for), & my favorite item on the entire menu, roasted eggplant. Five stars for this dip alone.  -- combo of lamb chops (Shishlik) & mixed beef & lamb skewers (Koobideh) for him  -- chicken kabob (Joojeh) for me. Large, moist chicken breast pieces; basmati rice with so much delicious saffron; even the roasted tomato (a side I usually ignore) was full of flavor.   Where'd I go for dinner tonight? Lavash. And I recommend you go sooner rather than later.	 0
I went there asking for table for 2 one said45 min another said 1hour there was empty tables . And we waited out side I wanted to leave because they were very rude but I stayed because of my guest ...and they called me when they noticed us outside after 15 min? the food was ok the waitress was good I will never go there again I wount recommend this restaurant because of the rudeness.... There r better restaurant like shalizar I highly recommend!!!  The only reason I went because of my guest and I didn't want to bother my guest otherwise I will not even get water from this restaurant	 1
Very rude people working here. We came as a group of 6 and they just giving us attitude.  Food is good and the Waiter was nice but all the Persian girls who speak Farsi has a horrible attitude	 1
I've been here multiple times and it's fantastic!  The ambiance is lovely and the food is delicious.  With the different groups I've come with, there have been multiple dishes ordered- Koobideh (lots and lots and lots), chicken kebab, cornish hen, salmon, sheeshlik, etc. And every single person I have been with here- Iranian or not- loved it.    Shalizaar is another amazing Persian restaurant in Belmont I would totally recommend!	 0
WHY WE WENT HERE: - cousin reunion lunch - no one else (other than myself and my boyfriend) have had Persian cuisine before  BEFORE WE GOT HERE: - right when they opened, I called ahead for lunch reservations and was told another party of 8 was coming around the same time - as my cousins and I (and our significant others) were still meeting up, one of my cousins and I had a strong feeling we wouldn't make our reservation, so I called again to push it back about 45 minutes later  THE LOOK (FROM THE OUTSIDE): - like most places in the city, parking is a struggle, so try to carpool when you come here to eat (or get dropped off) - the outside seems modest from the sidewalk, but if you take a closer look, the large store front window allows you to have a peak inside  THE LOOK (FROM THE INSIDE): - smaller than I expected, but it's really nice! - I like the wood throughout, it gives it a cozy feeling - the bathroom (single person/unisex) is located diagonally behind the front counter; although a tight fit (you can't really form a line outside of the restroom), once inside, the bathroom is very clean, well-lit, and smells good (plus you can hear the whole restaurant from in there)  THE MENU:  - food: appetizer, combination, jeweled rice, kabobs, khoresh, sides, soup & salad - wine list  WHAT WE ORDERED: - yogurt was ordered but I don't know what it was called - everyone got kabobs (prawns, shishlik, barg, koobideh, joojeh) or a combination plate (Taste of Persia) - some of the guys got beers (particularly Stella) - myself, my sister, and my cousin split a bottle of I believe 2013 Chateau St. John  THE TASTE: - complimentary lavash with tomatoes, cucumbers, mint, cilantro, and cheese was refreshing and abundant - the yogurt was very tasty alone and went well with the complimentary lavash - everyone LOVED their kabobs and combination plates  - we all thought the Taste of Persia combination plate was so cute! Especially with the hear-shaped saffron over the bed of basmati rice - the beers refreshed the guys - the wine went well with our meal  CUSTOMER SERVICE: - I believe our server's name was Kian; she was excellent!	 0
Food was phenomenal!  Super fresh ingredients and the meat kabobs (I had chicken and beef) were cooked to perfection.  Wonderful meal.	 0
Place is small and cramped and our 2 year old who was sleeping in his stroller, we were asked to leave stroller by the door. Um no so I moved some chairs and we squeezed  ourselves into a corner booth no thanks to owner or employees.  The house made dooug is amazing. Stick to the kabobs here even though a bit dry. The ghormeh Sabzi stew lacked meat and did not have the time for the flavors to blend in together.  At $21 WAY over priced.  As an Iranian usually tea is offered especially if your spending over $100 bucks for lunch on 3 people. $4 every refill on ice tea, what a joke.  Would never go back. Bad business and bad food.	 1
The food was perfect! We had: try it all plate, mast moosir, tah dig with fesenjan stew, soltani and persian ice cream. All we delicious. The servers were polite and nice, though they were busy and hence slow.	 0
Their food was ok. But More disappointing was the hostess and her rude attitude. Will not be going back here again.	 1
Stopped in on my way home after a long run and was starving. Had a delicious smoked gouda veggie sandwich. Glad to have found a great spot around the corner from home and will be back for sure.	 0
Wow... Used to Iive in the neighborhood... Sandwiches are the bomb!!! Try the #3 roast beef sandwich... Yummy yummy yummy!	 0
I've been going to Estela's for years - it's wonderful! Their sandwiches are varied and delicious, and everyone who works there are very, very, very nice - always smiling, and always quick. I accidentally left my wallet there, and they were kind enough to hold onto it until I came back.   Oh, and their smoothies are delicious. I highly recommend Estela's!	 0
I have only tried their sandwiches which are huge, healthy and economical. Lots of meats & cheeses in it and they are named after San Francisco sites. My favorite is the Fillmore with Ham, roasted turkey, cheddar, provolone, lettuce, tomato, onions pepperoni, mayo & dijon seved on Telera. It is so big it is two meals for me. They also have salads, smoothies fresh juices and coffee. There are only a few seats and tables and most of us get food to go. The staff is warm and friendly. They are open about 8AM to 6PM but you'd better check.	 0
When I picked up, the kid at the counter said I'd found the best sandwich in SF.. He wasn't lying.	 0
Some of the best quick & fresh food in San Fransisco. My stay in Lower Haight would have been nowhere near as wonderful without the great food and beautiful smiles that Estela herself offers :)	 0
The sandwiches here are super bomb. I really don't like sandwiches but gave this place a try because they were open early and I was close by and hungry.  Got the #3 and #13. Best sammies.	 0
So my friend came in and picked up a couple sandwiches for us. They were just ok unfortunately.  Not something I would go out of my way to have again.	 1
I dont really get how there are so many good reviews for this sandwich shop. Possibly, many are , unaware to themselves for now, just following the herd and afraid to be honest. I know this area quite well and am well acquainted with the many types that frequent this part of town. Some it can be safely said could not objectively critique a sandwich, or anything for that matter, without some prior validation from prior reviews. It is like a domino effect as each is pushed to respond in line with the previous hip and current rating. Such as happened here.  Many are at the age of beaming smiles and effusing ad nauseum about how things are """"So Gooooooood"   Now, lets come down to earth for just a minute or two. I have eaten at Estelas on Haight Street about 5 or 6 times. Out of those visits, I counted 4 times when they absolutely and inexusibly screwed the whole thing up. Lets look at what happened :  1. Ordered a hot sandwich , proceeded to open the wrapping and expect a somewhat warmish at least toasted sandwich. What i got was a cold sandwich. They had forgotten to put in the toaster. Only after bringing it to their attention did they try to heat if up. A couple of mins later the heated sandwich arrives back out to me. I reopen it and same thing as before. This time the outer part of the bread was warm not hot , with the ingredients as cold as the refrigerated truck they came in. Not a pleasant experience at all.  2. Lunch time and had only 20 mins to wait for my order. Now given the place is empty and nobody really doing anything in the back kitchen (can see from the front counter) the sandwich was seemingly forgotten about. I went to the counter and smiled to the order taker to remind them of my existence. She was taking her lunch with the other workers there. Yep, imagine that , waiting for an order and finding that the staff is out to lunch. The woman in a somewhat reluctant manner proceeded to make the order. Fact.   3. A few months later, no other place to go to and in need of a quick sandwich I say to hell with it and go to Estelas. I ordered a plain black forest ham sandwich. Easy to make I would expect to most anybody. The order arrives and guess what ?. I get a egg and cheese breakfast sandwich instead. It is brought back to the counter,. Next I am greeted with a blank unapologetic look from the Hispanic lady working there. No effort whatsoever on her part to show humility in the face of this situation. I was not pleased.  4. Last but no least. Similar situation as number 1. above. I decided never again would I go to that place.  Interestingly enough, I believe the staff is influenced by the owner. from seeing him in the store quite a loud, boastful and somewhat uncomfortable type. There is a conceit about him. Maybe the staff just follow suit to fit in and keep their jobs in the process. Again, the staff is ok when taking your money and order. However, if something goes wrong they are left staring at you with no idea how to respond with any positive degree of customer service.   So, all in all   -------    Not  the "So Goooooooooooooooooood" place that many naively claim. For the rather high price, the sandwich ingredients are really average at the very best. But the customer service is what ruins the whole effort.   Too bad.	 1
The title says it all. The sandwiches are fresh. They are yummy. I usually end up eating the whole sandwich, which is very impressive, given the size of their sandwiches. I am partial to the Turkey Love but have heard friends and strangers swear by other items on the menu. If you haven't had a chance to eat here yet, I recommend giving them a try.	 0
Beaitiful sandwiches that are yummmie!! Great diversity of food and dri k. Perfect location. LOVE the proprietor delivers and works in site. I miss you all	 0
The sandwiches and smoothies here are good, but the business is run very poorly. Always understaffed and consistently mess up orders. Please invest in the business and a ticketing system to track orders accurately	 1
Coming to this restaurant was a new experience for me, I'm from Hawaii and we don't really have any authentic middle eastern food back home. My brother who has been here before recommended this place for dinner so I said why not.   Upon arriving, it was a little smoky inside but it smelled great. We were seated right at their perfect time around 7:30pm, after that the restaurant started to get packed with people. The first thing that came out was the complimentary pita bread, olives, pickled radish, and sauces. The pita bread was delicious! Warm and just great.   In my party of 3 we ordered falafel to share, baba gannoush, beef kifta, lamb shish kabab, baklava, and knafeh. First time trying falafel and it was delicious! Crispy on the outside but soft and warm on the inside. It was seasoned well. The baba ganoush was not my thing, nor was the hummus but that's me personally, the people I was with loved those two things. The beef kifta and shish kabab with saffron rice was delicious!!! Great balance of flavors and so good with the pita bread. The knafeh was something I've never had before, I loved the saltiness from the cheese and the pistachios on top! The baklava was a little sweet but still great.   Service was alright. Upon ordering they were out of shawarma, I probably pronounced it wrong upon ordering and the girl who was taking the order emphasized the word I said wrong kind of in a rude tone. But that was overlooked. It looks like everyone working is in the family so formal server training wasn't expected. Enough to get the job done! Great first experience for middle eastern food.	 0
Yes!!! One of the very few restaurants in San Francisco in which the amount of food you get is worth the money you spend. My friend and I split the FALAFEL appetizer and the CHICKEN SHAWERMA plate.  Pros: -Huge, huge servings. We honestly could've gotten full off the FALAFEL appetizer: six gigantic, twice-as-large-as-normal sized falafels that came with pita bread, pickled radish(?), olives, tahini, and onion sauces -Quick service. I think our appetizer came out in 5 minutes and main dish followed shortly -Really loved the hummus that came with our CHICKEN SHAWERMA plate. Unlike the hummus you find at grocery stores - slightly more acidic and grainy - this hummus is so smooth and creamy ***TIP: you can ask for half rice, half hummus for your entrees*** -Also thought the rice on the shawerma plate was prepared beautifully. Rich, flavorful, and served with a refreshing dash of parsley -Try the hot sauce! Not overwhelmingly spicy or salty, just the right amount of kick  Cons: -The chicken was bland and did not taste good unless drowned in hummus or some other kind of sauce	 0
food was great guy that took the order was really slow it was so difficult to make a simple order or to ask a simpe question.  great food really difficult people	 1
This is my FAVORITE Mediterranean restaurant in San Francisco that I've found so far!! The decor inside is beautiful with painted murals surrounding you, and the service is so friendly, attentive, and welcoming. But above all, the food here is to die for, and I will DEFINITELY be back for the absolute wonderful flavors and value!  I came with two other people on a Friday night and we decided to share a few dishes. First, though, we were started off with a huge basket of pita bread, which was grilled and warm. With it came a small plate of olives and pickled turnips, as well as a spicy salad of onions and an herbed tahini sauce. The pita was fresh and warm and perfect for dipping into all of the sides and dips that would come.  We started off with the vegetarian platter, which came with the creamiest, tastiest hummus I've had, delicious baba ghanoush, arabic salad, ful (beans) in a tomato-based sauce, crispy yet moist falafel, and a little bit of grilled eggplant and fried cauliflower. While I'm a fan of Mediterranean food in general, I found everything on this plate particularly well-spiced and so complexly flavorful! We also had the stuffed falafel on the side, which was very unique in that it was stuffed with onion, roasted pine nut, and sumac. While this was delicious, I don't think the stuffing added all that much to the already delicious falafel mix.  We continued with two other main dishes: the chicken shawarma and the kalaya. The chicken shawarma was served with rice and hummus (the same one on the vegetarian platter), and both the rice and the chicken were heavily seasoned with turmeric. This dish was delicious, though not the moistest or most tender chicken I've had. The kalaya was small chunks of lamb stewed in a tomato-based sauce; while the sauce was a little bit on the watery side, the freshness and sweetness of this dish from the tomatoes were great! This might also be a good chance to mention the hot sauce that sits on every table--the chili-based sauce was one of the most tasty hot sauces I've had and was very flavorful, as opposed to simply being plain spicy.	 0
Super delicious and very authentic Mediterranean food. The prices used to be more reasonable but currently it's a little expensive due to San Francisco expensive rent and life style, but definitely worth it. This amazing place is one of the city's main restaurants that is a MUST try.	 0
I thought I knew good middle eastern food having enthusiastically eaten a broad selection of Shawarmas, Kabobs, Koftas and Hummus from London to Paris; Kuala Lumpur to Singapore; Dallas to Houston.  Then I experienced Old Jerusalem... and levelled up.  The first indication that we were in for some schooling was being served the round of complimentary Meza consisting of flat breads with olives, pink pickled radishes, spicy onion relish, and herb cream sauce.  Next wave to stun my tastebuds was hummus and babaganoush laced with buttery olive oil, paprika and paprika. The large ovoid falafel were crisp on the outside and fluffy inside--addictive when dunked into hummus, babaganoush or the complimentary creamy herb sauce.  Previously, my experience with babaganoush was a mild, almost bland or insipid. Not so here--lots of caramelized undertones were humming with the peaked hummus that sported a more confident flavor profile. These flavors are not to be confused with Indian which are often much more assertive.  The Kalaya came out next. It did not look like much, but tasted alluring--think home-style lamb stew with bright tomato accents. Kinda like a very forward, geeky school teacher.  Finally, the Combination Kabob plate came out with tumeric tinted basmati rice, more hummus, heady lamb kabob, chunks of beef, and tandoori-like juicy chicken. I normally favor red meat, but that chicken stole the show.  There was a ridiculous amount of food on the table, and I was ravenous and was foolish enough to attempt eating most of it up... when I quaffed some water, it all fluffed up and plunged me into a food coma.  Noise level is painfully loud, and would return for take-out to eat leisurely and quietly in our own home.	 0
Pride of ownership at this family-run restaurant in the Mission.  You gotta love that.  Great ambiance and great service along with really good flavored meats, hummus, and rice.  Portions were generous and food was fresh.  One suggestion is to just time the food better.  I ate through half of my shwerma plate before the chicken kabob plate came out.  But, it did come out warm off the grill.	 0
Great ingredients. Good service. Lots of food though so bring your appetite or be prepared to bring leftovers home.	 0
So I've been inside this place a small handful of times now.  But I've failed to update my review.  Food = awesome.  Tabletop meze = awesome. Hot taboon bread with parsley salad (it's not what you think, it's tahini and garlic heaven), chopped raw onions in a spicy pepper sauce, and a plate of pickled turnips and marinated olives. Try not to load up on this before your entree comes.  Although, I will say that I am obsessed with their parsley salad, and will eat pieces of taboon, or just use a spoon to eat it.  (The previous time I came here, it'd been a few years, so I ordered an extra side order of it, and couldn't consume more than 1/4 of my entree. I'm not kidding.)    #22 Shish taouk (two skewers of seasoned grilled chicken with grilled onion, tomato and bell pepper. Choice of rice or hummus). He chose to have both hummus and rice, and the chicken was moist, flavorful and perfectly cooked as usual. $14.99  #26 Vegetarian combo (falafel, hummus, ful, baba ghanoush, Arabian salad, eggplant and cauliflower) I chose to have rice instead of hummus (because I'm not a huge chickpea fan, even though I love falafel). Falafel was crunchy on the outside and moist on the inside (they have awesome falafel!); ful (fava beans) was good but I was in love with the baba ghanoush.  I couldn't stop eating the baba ghanoush until I saw the bottom of my plate.  The eggplant and cauliflower were perfectly cooked (albeit served cold) and I honestly, didn't touch the Arabian salad because I was way too full to deal with it. $17.99  #28 Jerusalem salad (Tahini sauce, tomato, cucumber, parsley with olive oil and lemon). If you're expecting a salad in the traditional sense, then this isn't it. But if you're prepared to enjoyed tahini sauce with cut tomatoes, cucumber and spices...look no further. Get the taboon ready, or use a spoon. We ordered it, not knowing this and we consumed way too much before the entrees came. $5.49  I've had their shish taouk sandwich many times before and it's GINORMOUS and huge. (Worth spending $9.49 plus tax on it!)   Oh, if you crave heat, they have some hot pepper sauce!   Service = friendly. They refilled our waters.   Seating = a few 2-tops, 4-tops and some creative organizing can create a spot for 6-8 people.  Yes, it's a small place, so if you're not in the mood to wait or deal with a crowd, then do take out. I only had take out from here (courtesy of friends) for 3 years before I finally set foot inside this place.    Bathroom = in the back. Yup, gunshot style--walk past their grill, kitchen, etc.  Prices = reasonable. Dinner for two came out to $39.66, with leftovers.   FYI: Yes, this place always looks dark from the outside but go inside, and it's actually well-lit, and has some natural sunlight, too! Enjoy the beautiful mural.	 0
Absolutely loved this place! Great service, I loved the appetizers they started with; tahini with parsley and tomato with onion. So different but so good! I ordered the shawarma chicken w rice and hummus. Very flavorful and cooked perfectly. If you wanna taste some middle eastern goodness then come here. Reminded me of actually authentic food we eat at home!	 0
So legit! Love the falafel sandwich. Great vegan options. The veggie plate is great. They were out f lentil soup, but I'll be back 4 sho.	 0
After eating at this restaurant on several occasions I have come to the conclusion that the food is overpriced. This place is tiny with insufficient seating for large crowds. I am not new to middle eastern food having visited the middle east and north africa. They use waaaay too much garlic in their food and their meat dishes are over spiced and not tender but the hummus is good and so is their fattah. The staff always seems to be uptight and unfriendly, making the already small enviorment uncomfortable.  I have eaten at other middle eastern establishments in the same area with better food and reasonably priced dishes. Why are they charging so much for their portions is beyond me.   Go to Alibaba Son. Go....They are my go to spot now for arabic food and NOO I don't work for them nor do I affiliate with Alibaba.	 1
This is the best Middle Eastern food I've ever had. The owners are wonderful and the restaurant is just absolutely amazing. The service is great they brought us extra sides when we asked and the food is just ridiculously good. They have their own special recipes. If you're looking for falafel, hummus, or anything Middle Eastern this is by far the best bet and you're going to love it!  We just came from there and I want to go back tomorrow.	 0
The people and the atmosphere are like nowhere else. Cafe international found a spot in my heart in under 4 hours. I haven't been as compelled to write a review in a long time.   Went here on a whim (and good reviews), greeted by Zahra and her very warm sense of humor -- she even helped me find a seat for 2, by asking two solo readers to share a couch. The number of winks and nudges was astounding, as she thought we were on a date. She seemed to be everyone's best friend there. Her decorative and politically motivated posters added to the character profile.  Then came the live music, with the Gerald, the frontman. The group didn't feel like a professional band-for-hire. It was more as if a group of talented cafe regulars happened to get together and casually host a jazz and blues jam in front of everyone. Harmonica Dave and the band's singer just warmed my heart, as to how real they were. Real people, expressing themselves, with no regard to anything superficial -- just the music and the people. On Sundays the band invites anyone who feels confident enough to play with them on stage. Amazing.  The crowd was much chattier than most cafes I've been to, and much more diverse as well. People seemed to be much more willing to smile at each other and say hi. Didn't feel like a cafe, as much the real forgotten concept of a "public house". Not a Starbucks in the Marina, that's for sure.  By the way, I also had some food and coffee -- it was good, but I didn't really care much given the truly human experience I had here. Maybe I just got lucky on a magical Sunday :)	 0
This place is awesome for a quick pick-up and possibly reading/studying but the coffee service is just ok. It isn't my type of place but a great place for regulars around the neighborhood. They serve their coffee in household mugs that looked like they came from someones grandma's kitchen or a thrift shop. I didn't like it.   Their Turkish coffee is ok tasting but it's authentic. Maybe it's just the way that person made it. I noticed lots of regulars coming in which is nice to see but it isn't a place for me. I would say this is a divey type cafe. That's the perfect way to describe it.	 1
Love Zara, love the coffee ice cubes that I get with my iced coffee, love the bagels, LOVE Cafe International.   Best neighborhood coffee shop in Lower Haight.	 0
I wanted to love Cafe International. It had all the makings of a great coffee shop - lots of seating, friendly staff and an amazing outdoor area with a gorgeous mural on the back wall. Despite this, all of the seating was sticky and seemed as though it had not been cleaned in quite a while. I had a hot chocolate and a small peanut butter & chocolate tart, which came to about $7.00, and seemed a bit exorbitant to me. I later had the chai latte, which had quite a lot of cinnamon in it - to the point where it was not great to sip on. If you're particular about that, I'd suggest asking for less cinnamon.   Another thing to note - I visited Cafe International in September, right about when it gets chilly in the Bay Area. The front and back doors were open in the cafe, and it was quite cold in the main seating area. I ended up leaving early because I didn't want to spend more money on hot drinks that were expensive. In such an incredible neighborhood, I was definitely expecting more quality to my visit.	 1
This is my absolute favorite cafe in the city. Amazing iced coffee and great conversation. If you haven't met Zara, you should!	 0
I decided to stop by and check this cafe out, ended up having one of the worst customer service experience I've ever had in a cafe.  I had just eaten so i wanted the smoothie later. I told her and she said we need people to be customers to sit here (duh). I repeated that I can pay now but want the smoothie later. She then said I can pay later.  About 30 minutes in, she interrupted work I was extremely focused in and told me I needed to buy something. I found this rude and told her to make it and I'll pay in a minute. She didn't accept the answer, as if I'm going to run away. After I finished what i was doing I went to pay, and of course they were short staffed. And only accepted cash. She also had not started making my smoothie.  So I paid 2 dollars in their ATM to 6 dollars. And rather than apologizing when I was calmly explaining I found it disrespectful her behavior earlier, she started blaming me! It then took 20 minutes after this before I got my smoothie.  Suffice it to say, I didn't feel at all welcome here, and will never return.	 1
Echoing similar comments I've seen written by others. We came in on a cooler day looking for something warm. My partner wasn't feeling that great and wasn't ready to order anything just yet - the cashier seemed concerned, so I ordered a large (rather than the small I wanted) drink (~$4!) to make up for things. Despite this, we were instructed that as only I had purchased an item, only I would be allowed to use the wifi... This seemed a little silly but we went with it, thinking that we would both likely order additional items after we'd settled in. However, my drink was not particularly appetizing, and we were repeatedly hassled to ensure that I was indeed the only one using the wifi. We left shortly after and have no plans to return. I'll embrace quirky owners when what I've ordered makes up for it, but it wasn't the case here.   Definitely a shame, as the space has all the makings of an established jem and the staff were very friendly with the regulars.	 1
Been coming here every once in a while for years. The owner is very nice. Food is great. I absolutely love the bagel with melted brie. Mocha is delicious!  The spiced chai isn't much of my flavor, I prefer the sweeter vanilla Chai  that other places have.   I have never had a bad experience here.   :-)	 0
What a lovely cafe! I grabbed a guava smoothie and a breakfast bagel here around 6pm, and they turned out great. Super friendly staff. The cafe has somewhat of an 80s vibe to it, with older, mismatched couches and the typical SF architecture inside. Will definitely be coming back for homework and coffee dates.	 0
Just moved to the neighborhood and was looking for a cafe that was work-friendly (had outlets and free wifi). I found this little gem off Haight.   Very sweet staff and one of the best, light pastrami sandwiches I've had! All around, great chill vibe. I'd recommend!	 0
If you want a perfectly dry cappuccino or name-brand coffee and a fancy pastry where what you get is the same every time, this is not your spot. Go to the FiDi for that.   If you want good coffee, friendly neighborhood service and a good spot to read a book and relax with a friend, definitely stop in. You will get that.  They serve beer and wine and sandwiches and salads, and they have a great outdoor area. You can ask the person next to you to watch your bag and laptop and it's not weird. I've written 5 out of 7 chapters of a novel here. That's definitely worth mentioning, too.	 0
You can tell their is a true sense of community and family at this cafe. The owner and workers are super friendly and nice! It's a great place to go to do some work or just read a book while drinking some coffee. The food is amazing as well. They even have great live music on Sunday's!	 0
I recently moved to the area and I really love this place! Always feels super cozy and it has a good neighborhood vibe. The owner is always working and shes so much fun to talk to. She once offered me a banana instead of chips and it made my day! I'm the healthy eating type and thought that was awesome!  Recommend the mediterranean platter and all the sandwiches on dutch crunch bread.  I know this cafe has events on different days of the week and I'm hoping to check those out soon!	 0
A cafe that keeps the spirit of old SF alive.  While I was working a bazillion hours a week at a startup, I'd come for coffee to keep going, and the owner gave me intentional and unintentional life advice, and just a reminder of how amazing, unconventional, and spunky SF used to be. And the coffee is great:)	 0
Zen atmosphere. Owner is very personable and kind - definitely strike up a conversation with her if you can. Recommend eating out on the patio if there's a spot.	 0
Wow! These are some of the best tacos we've ever had - very flavorful meat, great corn tortillas, and some really spicy salsas if you so choose. I had the Pollo Asado (grilled chicken) and Al Pastor (pork) and both were very good, I'll get them again. We also ordered some chips (there's a salsa bar with verde, habanero, avocado, and pico salsas). I also had an horchata. For 4 tacos, chips & salsa, and horchata - the total came to $14. We will definitely be back.  We found this place while on a Detour of the Mission Murals. It's a really cool app that I found through a Yelp event - you go on walking tours of SF neighborhoods whenever you want, and the Detours are narrated by people that live in the area and can tell the real stories. Definitely check it out!	 0
This is such an interesting place! 3 different places to order either elote, tacos, or everything else.  It was my first time here and I came with my brother, who can't stop raving about the elote. We got it both in a cup and on the cob. The cup was easier to eat, but there's something about eating corn on the cob that's way tastier! I think the ratio of toppings ended up being better on the cob as well but both were delicious.  We also got the quesadilla castillito with lengua, carne asada + camarones combo, and a side of cebollitas. Let me just say the lengua was the best lengua I've ever had, and the quesadilla was so delicious. Definitely the tastiest thing we ordered. It was like a pressed burrito, very very filling and not just full of cheese like some other places do quesadillas. The cebollitas I guess I expected to be grilled a little more but those were also very tasty. The combo plate wasn't amazing as the carne asada was overcooked but everything else on the plate was great.  Can't wait to come back again with an empty stomach!	 0
Best tacos to date. We come here late night just for the tacos. My favorite is the chorizo tacos. The salsa is off the hook. They also have a lady in there that sells elote, champurado, atole, and tamales. Very good. Pricing is great. Highly recommend this place.	 0
If you know me, or follow me on yelp, you'll see there's this pattern that I have, and that is CHECKING IN TO TAQUERIAS. I am a big big big big fan of tacos and this place right here.. hit a home run for me. Their tacos are delicious!! I love that there's a taco bar station area where you can add on the hot sauces that you want, cilantro, onions, whatever you like! Their tamales are good as well. I will definitely be back for some more tacos!!	 0
Super good Mexican place (but duh, it's in the mission). Absolutely will be coming back.   So what's unique? Well it beats the competition a couple key ways: -Unique (at least that I've seen) menu items (atole, elote) -Uncommon menu items (piña tamales, Barbacoa) -AMAZING salsas (all of them) -Open til 330AM?!  The tacos and chips are also really good.  What's not so good? -Prices are a bit higher / lower value than say el farolito -Items are spread out across multiple registers (though this is also pretty charming) -Burritos and nachos aren't quite as good as other places - UNTIL you add the amazing salsa.  Definitely can't wait to come back.	 0
This has become my go-to spot for a taco fix. Ordering is quick and easy - the taco cart is right by the entrance, just pick your meats and dress them up. Toppings include salsas, onion, cilantro, radish, and lime. Continue to the main counter inside to pay, and there's also a salsa bar to the left of that counter.   Tacos are $2.50 apiece right now, and they also have a full menu with all the Mexican comfort food you can stomach. I keep going back to the tacos, though - lengua and carnitas are always amazing!	 0
this place has the most amazing tacos hands down. Their buche and tripas alone is worth he trip!!	 0
Taco 1/6 on our hunt to find the best tacos in San Francisco. We ranked this one #3. They have a nice system down, you start with a paper plate at the beginning of an assembly line, the cook gives you the corn taco with your choice of meat on top, and then you get to pick your toppings out of radish, cilantro, onion, and lime. Then, you continue to move down the line to pay at the register. Probably the best logistics out of the authentic taco places in Mission. Plus, there's actually plenty of room at tables to eat. Most of the other "hot" spots we went to didn't have that.   Meat 5/5, tortilla 5/5, service 5/5, atmosphere 5/5.  This is the place to go if you want some authentic Mexican food.	 0
Writing this review as I still pick the little pieces of food out of my mouth. Tmi? Sorry..  Delicious.  I have always wanted to try this place and boy am I glad I did. I walked in on a Saturday night with my girlfriend starving and craving a burrito. The place was busy but not too bad. About 7 people in front of us in line, but it moved quickly.   Fast forward to the burrito part. It was tasty and hearty. The al pastor in the burrito was excellent and well worth it. My girlfriend got the California burrito, and I had a few bites and it was good. But for my personal taste I would get the California Burrito Missing style next time, which comes with beans, salsa and lettuce.   Overall this place was great. A new burrito spot discovered and loved. I will definitely be back not only for the burrito, but they have a taco bar that looked amazing and for only 2.50 you can't go wrong. Excellent taqueria!   5/5 burritos!	 0
When I asked a friend of mine who lives in the Mission where he thought the best tacos in town were, he sent me here. Many misguided people think La Taqueria has the best tacos. They're wrong. The little bar up front at Taqueria Vallarta has the best tacos in the city. Juiciest flavorful meats, perfectly cooked corn tortillas, and simple salsa bar. A must-go-to for lunch or dinner, and great place to take out-of-town guests to give them a real flavor of the Mission.	 0
This place is amazing!  Super authentic Mexican food at very reasonable prices. Best tacos I've ever had! We had the al pastor and the carne asada.	 0
A friend was visiting from Europe and some good homecooking that she can't get at home so El Buen Comer immediately came to mind and it was easy to make online reservations for the weekend just a few days ahead of time. With more people this time we were able to try even more dishes.   However, just like last time the mole verde ($16 for small) came out on top - everyone at the table said it was their favorite. We also tried the mole rojo ($16 for small), also good. The poor shared chicken tacos dish ($10 for small) paled in comparison. It was simple but just couldn't stand up to the complex strong favlors of the other dishes. Though the staff was extraordinarily accommodating by serving us an extra taco as the dish only came with 3 and we were 4.  Hubby and I were also really impressed with the sope with chicharrone and salsa verde. We had started the evening with the 3 sopes for $12: nopales, tinga, and chicharrone. I know their famous for their tinga but the salsa verde on the chicharrone was our favorite.   After all this plus tortillas and rice, we were too full for dessert.  Seems like our favorite green dishes (guac, salsa verde, mole verde) here have a green theme.	 0
I found this restaurant on SF Eater Brunch Heat Map for Dec 2016. I'd never heard of it beforehand, but reviews were excellent and so were the pics! Apparently this place had been a food truck in its former life, but now they have a brick and mortar.   We came here on a Saturday at 11:45am. We waited maybe 10 mins for a table to open up. The ambiance is amazing - high ceilings with a rustic yet modern Mexican feel, and large windows that allow light to pour in from the street. What a beautiful venue! They also have a large communal table that has bar seating - seemed like a fun table to sit at!  All the pics on their Yelp page looked great - so my bf and I shared the 3 Sopes for $10 (which are kind of like tacos, but thicker, softer, made of corn, and lie flat). You can choose whatever meats you want, so we got the chicken tinga, red rice and egg, and chorizo. We loved the chorizo and tinga ones!!! The neat thing is that you can also get the taco or tostada version of these too. We loved trying the Sopes though since we don't usually see those offered at Mexican restaurants.   Guacamole is a MUST. If you're like my bf and I, who basically want to try everything on the menu, they have the small or large option. The small was definitely large enough for our bellies to be satisfied, and for us to try it! It didn't have the cheese like it did in pics, but it still tasted a-mazing! I also got the pork Milanese for my entree which I loved! I love cutlets in general though. It came with beans, rice, and 2 tortillas. Loved it! Wish I saved the pics!  Service was extremely friendly and hospitable during our meal. They were attentive to refilling waters and also answering questions. Can't wait to return to try everything else on the menu!	 0
Saw this article in SFGATE: http://insidescoopsf.sfgate.com/blog/2016/06/09/another-la-cocina-success-story-el-buen-comer-opens-in-the-mission/  Came here for brunch on a Saturday - no wait we got right in.  We split the Chilaquiles (added Chicken and egg) and the Green mole pork.  (the menu has a bunch of stuff that stays and a bunch of rotating items).  They were both good - not huge portions. I really loved the chilaquiles, only complaint that one egg was overcooked so the yolk didn't spread. The small corn tortillas (2) that come with the pork entree were VER VERY good. we ordered 2 more (they charge $1.50 which is fine since they were hot and hand-made).  We ordered a churro for dessert. it came with a thick chocolate sauce for dipping.  The service was good...slow(isn) - not too slow - but don't come here for a quick meal.  I wish we ordered a sope for an appetizer.  Loved this place - will come back - but it is way our in Bernal Heights.	 0
This place is sooooooo good. The pork with green mole is the perfect bite- delicious texture, savory flavor, and cooked to perfection. I'd hate to see this place be over run by fickle Yelp users but I'm confident that they can handle it.   Authentic food in a beautiful space served by friendly people at good prices. What more can you ask for?	 0
OMG. OUT OF THIS WORLD!! So...San Francisco is known for its amazing food. We know this. But what I'm NEVER able to find in the last 15 yrs is a good sit down Mexican restaurant. I'm talking authentic. So when I stumbled on this place, I just had to check it out!! Wow. This place is the closest thing to Mexican food from Mexico that I've ever had. Incredible. Don't go here looking for enchiladas and the usual. The menu is small but hand crafted and the food is amazing.   I had the Tinga Sopes to start which are basically a marinated shredded chicken on top of a deep, crispy tortilla with beans and lettuce and cheese. SOOOO GOOD!!! It's been a day and I'm already craving more.   Followed that up with the Camarones a la Diabla (shrimp guisado/stew) with a side of Rice and Beans.   Again I can't say enough. Incredible service. Delicious food. And AUTHENTIC. I will be back!!!	 0
Great place, superb service and tasty food - very clean and nice atmosphere with authentic food. Don't know why this place isn't busier because I can't even think of a negative thing to say.	 0
Being Mexican i have a very high expectation for any Mexican restaurant and it's really hard to find a place where they serve real authentic food. In my case i was Born and Raised in Mexico City (DF) and grew up eating the best food you can imagine.  El Buen Comer (family owned) has brought back all those fantastic memories of all the delicious food and antojitos (snacks) with the atmosphere of being home.  I can say this is the ONLY restaurant that Serves authentic Mexican food in the city of San Francisco (Mission District)	 0
This place had me smiling real big.   Newly opened, designed to be modern, spacious, and welcoming. Staff is friendly. Great value.    FOOD:  1. Recommend the 3 for $10 sopes/tacos. Great deal and very authentic/delicious.   2. The guacamole size "small" is huge, plenty for 2 or 3 people $6.   3. Order their special $14 Milanesa de res - which is a breaded thin fried cutlet of beef. SO GOOD!!! ORDER THIS :)	 0
Incredible home made Mexican food authentic flavor from Mexico City, something hard to find this days in a hipster mission!  The owner started selling food in her house for years until now they own their own restaurant proud for the Latino entrepreneurs making a true diference on the community	 0
So many feels about this unique, flavorful and fun dining experience.   If you're looking for fine dining food without all the fuss and stuffiness this is the place!   No frills, no BS, just really great quality and creative dishes that taste amazing.   I went with my roommate on a Wednesday and texted a week before to reserve. Since I don't eat any red meat I asked if they would accommodate and they said it wasn't a problem.   The courses were all well put together. One I still am drooling over was a chestnut soup with vanilla date (or something like that) so so good. The chicken Arepa was of course fabulous. I look forward to having it again soon. The main course for the day was steak and veggies, so I had just the veggies and bc I was already pretty stuffed it was just perfect! I look forward to coming back and trying all new plates the next time  Thank you for one of my fav dining experiences to date in SF!	 0
My boyfriend and I ate at Mr. Pollo on 12/3 and it was a FANTASTIC experience. I had wanted to come here since I heard about the amazing fixed menus at reasonable prices and as soon as we had an available weekend, I made sure to text ahead and make a reservation. We came for the 7:45pm seating and were the first ones in the restaurant as we were 10ish minutes early. We got our pick of seats and picked the table for two farthest from the door. This place is TINY, hence the need for a reservation. I don't think there were more than 12 seats. Our seat was warmer than being by the door but next time, I think I would choose to sit at the bar looking over the counter.  Anyways, Mr. Pollo does have a selection of Wine and Beer and you can also BYOB for a small corkage fee (I think $15). The waiter recommended a red wine due to what was being served that night and I was more than happy to indulge in a nice glass of Pinot Noir. A was STOKED since they had the high alcohol Not Your Father's Root Beer which we had trudged through Chicago winter for last year since, apparently, you could only get it on tap in IL. He was thrilled to learn they now had limited distribution in large format bottles so he HAD to order it. I think we would probably JUST come back for this root beer, it was THAT GOOD and so much better than the more common Not Your Father's Root Beer.  Anyways, as everyone came in and sat, the food began to be served. The menu is set before you get there so you're eating whatever the chef feels like cooking that night. Luckily, everything we had was AWESOME so seriously, just trust you will enjoy it. Maybe don't bring a picky eater or a vegetarian. The four courses we had:  -Pate: Probably my least favorite course but I also don't like Pate and this was fine. It was light and fruitier. It may have been mixed with beet but I am not sure. The portion was great for an appetizer.  -Arepa: OMG I STILL TASTE THIS IN MY DREAMS. So good. I would pay for just 4 courses of these Arepas. I think it was chicken on the inside. This was really big but also, I just couldn't stop eating it. Seriously, so yummy.  -Steak with Sweet Potato and Brussels Sprouts: Really good and well cooked. Not a small portion either and I really liked the more "fall" entree. This seems so simple but I WISH I could come close to cooking this meal at home.  -Ice Cream with Granola and Compote: I completely forget what kind of ice cream this was (note to self: write reviews as close to dining as possible) but it was GREAT. I really liked the toppings and it was the perfect, light end to a meal.  We paid ~$50 each with tax, tip, drinks and the meal which for a meal of this caliber is a STEAL. We LOVED it and think it was one of the top meals we have had in SF and cannot wait to come back. I really think people who don't love it here are coming in with ridiculous expectations. I do not see how a reasonable person wouldn't rave over this place.	 0
Seriously awesome experience here last night! My roommate made a reservation here ~2 months ago for a Friendsgiving dinner. She told me the guy (manager?) she was communicating with was really friendly and helpful.  Our reservation was for 9:30pm. We arrived at 9:15pm (with 10 bottles of wine) and they were just setting up. There are 2 tables in the restaurant--it's tiny--we had 12 people and you are basically sitting in the kitchen with the 2 guys cooking. It was such and intimate dining experience and so unique on top of that. I had never been to a place like this before. The artwork on the walls was very quirky and there were good vibes all around.   One guy served us our food and wine while the other guy cooked. From what I understand, the food constantly changes. But this is what we had (everything was amazing):  FOOD: Course #1 - Oranges and persimmons in yogurt w/ pomegranate seeds Course #2 - Shredded chicken Empenada type thing but not fried Course #3 - Steak and brussels sprouts in a sweet potato mash Course #4 - Ice cream (the flavor is escaping me right now) with a raspberry sauce drizzled on top  ** My favorite dish was the steak and brussels sprouts in the sweet potato mash. The steak was unreal, perfectly cooked and everything was so flavorful. Paired perfectly with our cab.   DRINKS: We brought our own wine. I believe you can order drinks there but not entirely sure. Our server was great about refilling our wine and water glasses regularly  Service was great, food was incredible, I will definitely be coming back!	 0
My friends have been coming to Mr. Pollo for years, but it was my first time. They have an easy reservation system, where my friend just texted one of the only two guys who work at the restaurant. When two people tried to walk in, I overheard him saying he was fully booked for the Friday night we were there, but he had spots for the next night and to just text him or go to the website to make reservations.   For four courses for about $35 (including beer/wine), this was a great deal. It's a small, sort of dark space with lots of personality packed into it - including a Donald Trump pinata hanging from the ceiling.  tomato thyme soup - delightfully peppery and a flavorful. Great start to the meal.  chicken arepa - Mr. Pollo was originally an arepa joint, and from what I understand, their tasting menu usually has one arepa course. This was probably my first arepa ever, crispy on the outside with moist chicken drizzled with red and green sauces on the inside.  steak with bourbon brown sugar sauce, mini roasted red potatoes and carrots - the bourbon brown sugar sauce was to die for. I wanted to lick it off the plate! It was like a pot roast but elevated.  peach sorbet with lavender sea salt and olive oil - a bit on the sweeter and creamier side for a sorbe, but great peach flavor.	 0
My gal has been here a few times and she took me there on our trip to SF... Will and Jonny have a great thing going on here! The meal Jonny prepared was truly amazing!  I will visit these guys everytime i come to town from now on.	 0
This place is incredible. It's SO tiny but man, so worth it. I can't even describe how delicious everything was. From the fresh figs in the first course to the delicious olive oil honey and pepper ice cream at the end, it was fantastic. You HAVE to make a reservation so don't expect to walk in and be served! Must must must go if you haven't.	 0
Awesome tasting! Only $30 for 4 courses - all quite filling. Mr. Pollo is a small 12-seat restaurant right across the street from the 24th Street Bart station, where I had to text in order to make a reservation - super easy and convenient. My husband and I had dinner with our friends (another couple), and we were handed a drink menu. The server suggested a glass of red, but didn't disclose much about our dinner tasting menu to keep the surprise factor. We opened with a bowl of chestnut soup - delectable and festive. Next, we had the traditional chicken arepa - probably the best arepa we've ever had. Our main was perfectly tender and cooked steak with green beans and sweet potato purée - filling and perfectly paired. Lastly, we closed with lemon sorbet topped with candied ginger - large scoop and palate cleansing. The restaurant is cash only, so be sure to bring enough. But, it ended up being no more than $40/person including a drink (excluding tax & tip). We highly recommend this dining experience! We look forward to coming again when we are in town, since the menu changes.	 0
I have lived in this neighborhood all my life and did I feel like I wanted to stay in this place to grab a bite? NO! They wouldn't even let me see a menu since I didn't have a reservation. BTW...Was not asked if I had one just assumed.  You can't get me to ever come back here. For a small business, they should be nicer. I went here back in the day when it opened and it was great. Times have changed, my mistake of the day. Couldn't find the door fast enough.	 1
If you're slightly adventurous, you must try this awesome little gem on the south side of the Mission.  It's like having dinner in their dining room.  I ate there this past Friday and as I was dining alone got to sit at the counter and talk to the chef as he was cooking.  The owner and chef do this as a passion, certainly not for fame or fortune.  For a total of $50, I got four courses and two glasses of wine.  Tomato basil soup, chicken arepa, lamb loin with celery root puree and kale and dulce de leche ice cream with pomegranate whipped cream!  Everything was delicious and an whole different experience than going to one of the hundreds of trendy, expensive restaurants in the city.  Thank you both for the fantastic experience!  Saw another review that dissed the ska playing during their visit.  It was rap on Friday, and if you are looking for Sinatra in the background, this might not be the place for you.  I on the other hand, think eating perfectly cooked lamb to "Gangster's Paradise" is pretty amazing!	 0
Chef Manny is amazing! he is a real diamond-in-the-rough. He was classically trained on the east coast, and draws upon his south-american roots for inspiration. He moved to SF and bought this place. He totally blew my mind when my friends took me there. I was expecting unhealthy fried chicken, but was shocked when he started pulling out all kinds of fresh veggies, lean meats, and the best arepa!  super recommended.	 0
Attentive speed service Friendly  They have a set "plan"  Everything is pre planned and precooked The arepa filling was cold, the meat. The arepa itself was good so was the sauce. Food was cold. Got a 2oz steak haha Atmosphere is stoned Wouldn't cook my steak even though the stove was hot the the chef is vaping...	 1
I've been meaning to come here for several years and I don't know how I didn't sooner. $25 for a 4 course meal is a pretty good price. Definitely get the arepas - they are fantastic.  It doesn't really matter what I ate since the menu changes frequently and probably doesn't repeat itself, but every dish was executed well and everything tasted great. For the price it really exceeded my expectations. It's rare I come across restaurants (even very fancy ones) where I really enjoy every dish in a multi-course meal.  What's more is that Will and Johnny (chef) were awesome hosts and like everyone has said, the dining experience here is intimate. We sat at the counter and chatted with them as they made the food fresh in front of us - it was all very casual and different from other restaurant experiences I've had. It was like sitting with friends that were cooking a nice meal for us.  The overall atmosphere is hard to describe - this place is like a dive restaurant with the decor and attitude, but they serve up food with an upscale touch. They don't have menus and it's a set menu - not sure if they allow substitutions or how well they can cater to dietary restrictions. Make reservations, come in with an open mind, chat with the Johnny and Will, and sit back enjoy a great laid back dinner.  They also apparently also allow you to rent out the place for a small group if you buy all the seats for the last seating of the night - without any crazy upcharge. I can definitely see us doing that sometime soon!	 0
This place is just amazing! My husband went once and decided I should experience it too! The store front gives you a feeling of an undercover restaurant and once you are in you get into a really cozy, cute and intimate ambiance. But let's get to the food, which was just amazing! The soup tasted as a soup I haven't been able to taste outside of Europe, the arepa was as described in previous reviews (just more than great, I would come back for it), followed by lamb, parsnip cream with kale and to finish it off we had dulce de leche ice cream! MJAM!!!	 0
I had preconceptions about this place. Every time I walked by, it was full of good looking well-dressed people in a part of the Mission where I expect something else.   What a surprise to find a completely empty restaurant with my new friend, the night after  Mother's Day. The place is run by two guys that feel to me like the Black Keys of the Mission District restaurant scene. No waiters. No busboys. No host. Just two guys, open kitchen, serving up food they love to a few people every night.   Over the course of an hour and a half, I happily ate:  * fresh mozarella, a fat chicken arepa that could have been flown in from Medellin, and a clean delicious filet of snapper served with braised carrots and asparagus.   I'm not good at remembering all of the accompanying elements of dishes, but I'll say that the food actually made me think.   "What is in this?! It's kind of waking me up in a way that feels naughty."   I left with a taste of what it must be like to appreciate food the way foodies do.  The evening finished with vanilla ice cream drizzled with olive oil and a sprinkle of sea salt. I never did olive oil and ice cream before. That worked, too.   The atmosphere is Mission retro in the best way possible. Art on walls, high ceilings, dark and edgy but unpretentious.   The band has skills and charm for days.   I left inspired, knowing that two brilliant dudes can still come to SF and do their own thing.   Call before you visit.   PS. I thought it was going to be a lot more expensive. 4-course meal + 1 glass of wine at ~$40 (Don't quote me on exact price).	 0
Great food with terrific customer service.  The environment was intimate, and I enjoyed a four course meal with beer for under $40. I highly recommend Mr. Pollo.	 0
These are the best biscuits I've had in California.  Now, I know you're saying, "well, Danny, biscuits in California are usually pretty dreadful and being the best of a dreadful bunch isn't saying much" and, I'd admit, you're right in your deconstruction of my language. That said, these biscuits were delicious -- perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft and spongy on the inside.   The butter and jam accompaniment shows Rusty, the namesake originator of this fine establishment, knows how southern food really works.  The restaurant itself is nice, if nestled tenderly in the middle of the, er, Tenderloin, but is nothing particular to write home about in terms of layout or accoutrements. There's a bar up front with a further-than-you-would-think-on-first-look length of tables and booths. Bathrooms in the back left, and more seating in the back right.  But no one's here for the looks or the service*, you're here for the food and that's definitely what you should come for**, because it's delicious.  First things first, get the biscuit. Since we were here at lunchtime, we asked our server whether or not the meat+biscuit sandwich was enough for a meal and she said yes, but that we would be better off getting a separate biscuit because they're that good. Shocker? She wasn't wrong.  The biscuit is amazing, the best in SF, though not quite as salted as I would have liked it (the tater tots also suffered from this missing component) but far outclass anything else the Bay Area has so far put up as a challenger. Crispy outside, savory/spongy inside and the perfect temperature on the way out. Top class.  Main dishes: my compatriot had the chicken biscuit, while I went more savory with the brisket hash. You won't find much in the way of brisket hash in the South, but it was delicious nonetheless. The poached egg on top (as opposed to the scrambled egg-mixed more traditional version) was a nice touch.  They have traditional Carolina barbecue sauces here: thinner, vinegar-based Eastern Carolina style as well as a slightly thicker, mustardy Western Carolina*** style and both were pretty good.  Our big problem came after we ordered, though. As we waited for our food, another table had the chicken sandwich brought out to them and, dear reader, I must tell you that my eyes lurched straight out of my head and jacked themselves bigger than twice the size of my stomach and we ordered it on top of the two main meals we had.  That was a mistake****. We were both stuffed by the time it got there, but couldn't help ourselves as the chicken was fried expertly; still succulent but the crusty fried goodness fell apart in your mouth. The hush puppies, which I think are, along with cornbread, the hardest thing to make, were excellently cooked, though also needed more salt.  There's beer and wine, but we didn't have any room for that (also it was 10:30 in the morning) as we wanted to make sure and keep as much room for food as possible. I don't know if it's like going to Biscuitville or Elmo's in NC, but it's the best the Bay Area has to offer.  * - though that's not a bad reason; our server was incredibly nice and friendly and didn't make fun of us too much when we ordered our second main course.  ** - try to come here by walking, as you're going to need to walk off the food. It's good, but like all good Southern food, fried and fatted deliciously.  *** - aka, the only true and good barbecue sauce.  **** - never a mistake.	 0
WOW, just wow. When you have a craving for fried chicken in San Francisco, this restaurant is your best bet.  I got the fried chicken sandwich, and my bf got the biscuits with fried chicken on top. OMG. The chicken was juicy, flavorful, and so tender. The batter was fried to perfection. The quality of the chicken meat was perfection - they use Mary's Chicken, and you could definitely taste the difference. The prices were also really reasonable. My fried chicken sandwich was $13, as well as the biscuits. They give a hefty portion of chicken too! I didn't get a chance to try the biscuits with chicken, but my bf loved it. It was also a huge portion, and he had to take it home (which he never does). Also $13.   They also have a large selection of beers, which sounds like a great way to end the week with friends or coworkers. I can't wait to return! Area is a little sketch being in the Tenderloin but the restaurant itself is nice and warm on the inside.  Loved the service. Our waiter was extremely friendly and helpful. It was also super poppin' for a Thursday lunch - lots of working folks from downtown SF but there was also a large party in the back.	 0
We were in the city for the morning because of the Veteran's day holiday. It was a spur of the moment brunch date for my hubby and I. Someone recommended Brenda's French Soul Food and after we parked nearby we realized the line for that restaurant was INSANE. It was 10:30 a.m.   We yelped nearby restaurants and saw that Rusty's Southern was open and the pictures looked enticing. So glad we stopped in! The restaurant had a nice hip and rustic vibe. The service was great--friendly, helpful and quick! And the food was fantastic--I made my decision based on pictures from other yelpers. I got the chicken biscuit with added fried egg. It was DELICIOUS. Gooey savory gravy, cheesy biscuit and perfectly crispy and tender dark meat chicken topped with a runny fried egg. My husband ordered the tidy breakfast and also shared my dish. He thought the bacon was perfect. We are so glad to have stumbled upon this gem. Will definitely be back!	 0
5 stars for wonderful attentive service, delicious food, lovely ambiance, and pleasant staff.  We were greeted by the man behind the bar - super friendly. The birthday boy made reservations for dinner but I don't think it's necessary for a weekday. They open at 5pm for dinner but it was not crowded around 6:30pm. However, it was nice that our table was ready for us by the time we arrived at the restaurant. They placed us by a corner, hidden from the store-front view and main hallway. It was very cozy and intimate.  Right off the bat, complementary shelled peanuts were served to us. They were nice and hot!  The menu was short and sweet, which only means one thing: everything will be delicious. Instead of doing a hundred different dishes, they focus on a few dishes and execute it well. AND DAMN, WERE THE DISHES EXECUTED WELL.  We ordered: the fry basket appetizer, fried chicken, chicken fried steak, pork loin, shrimp and grits, burger with truffle fries, two orders of mac and cheese (one with bacon), biscuits with pepper jelly, and a side of Brussels sprouts.  The fry basket came out first. It was a galore of fried goodies: shrimp, cauliflower, mushrooms, and okra. The breading was not the traditional thin-oily coating. This coating was similar to that of hush puppies. It was delicious.  The fried chicken speaks for itself. It was juicy and moist - no ketchup or hot sauce needed. The chicken fried steak was tender - but a knife and fork is still needed. It's topped with an amazing gravy and served with Brussels sprouts and velvety smooth mashed potatoes. Hands down, my favorite entree of the night. The burger (they only make 12 a night!!) was another huge hit! We requested medium rare and they delivered medium rare. A light squeeze and the meat juice slowly trickles down... but don't spend too much time admiring it because after the first bite, the burger was devoured in less than 5 minutes.  My friends enjoyed the shrimp and grits the most. They said it's better than the shrimp and grits served at Brenda's Soul Food Kitchen, and boy, does that say a lot or what?? I'm not a huge fan of pork so I didn't have too much of that dish. From what my friends said, the meat was cooked well and the sweet potatoes that accompanied it were tasty.  Seriously, I can talk about this meal for an hour. But to sum it up, my top three favorite dishes were the fried chicken, chicken fried steak, and the burger. And if the restaurant didn't already go above and beyond with the food, they gave the birthday boy a complementary full-size dessert (apple hand pie) for his birthday :) So sweet. You guys have gained a fan!! Will be back soon.	 0
This place is so good!!! We had a party of 6, and everyone had great things to say.   I ordered:  + Chicken Fried Steak ($19) *Comes with two beef filets, mashed potatoes, fried Brussels sprouts, and sausage gravy.*  Food: + The portions are huge! The mashed potatoes were perfectly soft, and the gravy on top of the beef filets blended amazingly well. Perfectly crispy skin, yet juicy inside. The fried Brussels sprouts were a little salty and oily, but it was still manageable.  + Their buttermilk biscuits are amazing! (Two pieces of biscuits with jam and butter for $6)   Cons: - They do, unfortunately, charge a cake fee of $2/pp.  - I'm also not too fond of the location since it's in the TL. This is located on a dark street, so I was a little scared to walk by myself at night.  Overall: The superb service, chill ambiance, and delicious food were definitely worth the visit.	 0
This place is pretty freakin fantastic!! The fried chicken has this amazingly crunchy buttermilk crust which was uniquely tasty! The biscuits with butter and pepper jam are pretty on point as well. Better and more chicken than Brown Sugar for just about the same price. This is some of the best fried chicken I've ever had in the Bay Area. Another TL gem, must go!	 0
Came here for lunch today and was super impressed by the "waiter"/host of the place. He was super friendly and helpful (guy with the beard- shout out to you)!  Thankfully, there was no line and we were well received even though we arrived 10 mins before closing. I was expecting them to try and get us out as soon as possible but the guy did not try to rush us and was super nice. I really appreciated that!   I ordered the biscuit and chicken and oh man was it a lot of food. My friend got the fried chicken sandwich. He really hooked us upppp  The fried chicken was perfectly fried and super crisp. The biscuits were smothered in gravy. It was buttery and super yummy. Also, I think there was a bit of cheddar or some type of cheese on top. It was perfect. It also came with a side salad.   Tip: Their sauce is bomb. I loved the yellow mustard one and even asked for a little plastic cup of it to-go! TRY THEIR HOUSE-MADE SAUCE!  -Also, they offer unlimited refills for their Arnold Palmer.	 0
Fried chicken sandwich, just thinking about it gives me the shivers. The steak sandwich is surprisingly good too. Tired of waiting in line at Brenda's? Rusty's got yo back.	 0
Great service and friendly waitresses, I believe my sweet tea was filled every time it gets empty or half way done without asking. The best part is the food, I ordered the milk butter friend chicken: crispy on the outside and super tender in the inside, the chicken meat almost slides off into your mouth. I highly recommend this place for those looking for some southern cooking.	 0
Southern food is seasoned. This was not southern food.   The service was great and it wasn't any more expensive than every other restaurant in SF and the biscuits were on point. That's all the positive I have.  The fry basket was incredibly bland. Okra doesn't have much flavor which is why you bread it and season it when you fry it. There was one item in it that was so flavorless that we couldn't even figure out what it was. The catfish was at least breaded, but not seasoned at all. Fried catfish is actually my favorite food in the world, and it's really expensive to get here so it needs to taste good. It didn't. It tasted like tilapia with no seasoning. The veggies underneath were actually pretty good, they seemed to be seasoned, would of been good to put some of that seasoning onto the catfish.   And I recognize that there are different "styles" of barbeque and since I'm from KC I have a skewed image of it centered around KC style bbq. However, unseasoned dry meat in a bowl and sauce that you can add to it that's thin enough to come out of a vinegar shaker is not bbq. So maybe don't describe it that way on the menu? Also, don't list coleslaw as a side if the amount that comes with it looks like a garnish. Dime sized and looked like it was pureed for some reason.   Maybe it was an off night, or maybe we happened to order the worst two items on the menu (catfish shouldn't be on your menu if it's not good, just don't do it if you can't do it right) but this was one of the more disappointing dinners that I've had in SF.   I don't know if they're watering it down to appeal to californians or if the chef at Rusty's actually doesn't think that southern food should be seasoned but either way it's wrong and not southern food. I'm a spice light weight and this was still one of the blandest meals I've ever had in my life.   Southern food is seasoned.	 1
Rusty's Southern is YUM!! We were looking for a delicious brunch spot during a quick trip to San Fran and found this gem on Yelp. Adorable little restaurant with a super friendly staff and amazing bites. We both had the chicken and biscuits with gravy ($13) and a small side of the cheesy grits ($3.50). It was delicious!! Super filling and large portion sizes. Amazing sweet tea as well. We will be back the next time we're up in San Fran!	 0
Best fish tacos and clam chowder I've had! & im obsessed with there make it your own iced tea lemonade (Arnold palmer)   The location and decor is on point!  I would def recommend this place to friends and family.	 0
Best option for the night of New Year's Eve! We came in and sat down right away, service was great, and the food was delicious.    Their clam chowder was delicious, prawn cocktail was fresh and filling, and their bay shrimp and avocado sandwich killed it!  We'll definitely come back when we visit SF again. Thanks!	 0
Probably the best lobster and crab roll I had in my entire life.   Nestled in the beautiful Castro district of SF on the corner of Market is this delicious deliverer of yummy seafood. The restaurant is relatively small and seating will be tight, but for me, not uncomfortable. Service is friendly, approachable, and attentive. We were seated quickly with options of tables and were tended to immediately.  The menu is single-sided, which I find a good indicator of careful quality production. It is on the pricier side, but what do you expect from a seafood sandwich? The crab and lobster roll we ordered are offered in a small or large served with fries and slaw. Note: the small is small, no surprises here . The rolls were perfectly buttered and toasted and the fries were above par as well. As other yelpers mentioned, each bite was packed with flavor without overwhelming the natural tastes of the shellfish.  Also, my understanding is that the shellfish is fresh and delivered daily.   I was so pleased I said loudly on my way out, "That was delicous!"  I plan on returning again and again.	 0
Whether it's this location at Market St. or the one at Fillmore St., Woodhouse Fish Co. is definitely among our favorite seafood spots in San Francisco.  If you're a Pokémon Go fan, the excitement of coming here is pretty much like hatching a Snorlax or evolving a Gyarados...  You can feel that rush!  Their menu was somewhat simple, but the choices were very solid.  A few items were not offered here that were on the Fillmore menu (Manhattan or Hartford Clam Chowder, BBQ Oysters, and Whole Roasted Idaho Trout), but everything else looked the same.  Daily Specials were also available.  Their Split-Top Maine Lobster Roll was outstanding and could really satisfy anyone's craving.  It was dressed with their flavorful house-made sauce, but it did not overpower the fresh taste of the lobster.  You can ask for a naked-style, but the big question is, "Why?"  Order it as it is and you will not be disappointed.  It has been included in Food and Wine Magazine's list of America's Best Lobster Rolls.  It was also in The Daily Meal's compilation of the best lobster rolls outside of Maine (http://www.thedailymeal.com/eat/america-s-20-best-lobster-rolls-outside-maine-slideshow/slide-11).  The best Cioppino of all time is somewhere in Fisherman's Wharf, but Woodhouse's version could compete for the next in rank.  Mussels, clams, bay scallops, shrimps, fish, a quarter in-shell Dungeness crab, and a whole lot of happiness in a zesty tomato-based broth.  It was served with garlic bread which tasted even better when dipped into the stew.  Absolutely fulfilling!  Creamy with the right consistency, the Clam Chowder was on point.  It had plenty of clams and not overloaded with potatoes.  The Cheddar Cheese Crab Melt was tasty and did not break the bank.  Can't go wrong with the Dungeness crab mix, can't go wrong with the toasty bun, and can't go wrong with the golden cheese melted on top (https://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/woodhouse-fish-company-san-francisco?select=yGvUTNNFWSqeyq1ZZRb0kg)!  Perhaps the sandwich that took us by surprise was the Fried Ipswich Clam Roll.  It was packed with deliciously fried clams and you could almost hear them calling your name.  The batter was incredibly perfect!  The last time we dined here, they didn't charge the SF Health & Welfare add-on which other establishments have resorted to.  The food was awesome and rightly priced for the serving.  It's a very popular place and only walk-ins are allowed.  Street parking could be a challenge but once you find one, then it's just a matter of time for some yummy chowdah, lobstah, and cioppinah!	 0
My go to place for a lobster roll in San Francisco. The lobster roll has big chunks of lobster on a perfectly buttered and toasted bun. In addition the fries were crisp and the slaw that came along was tangy and refreshing. In addition to the lobster roll, I highly recommend the fish and chips as well as the clam chowder.  There is usually a wait during dinner service but it can go by quickly as the servers are pretty good at cleaning tables and putting orders in quickly. If you prefer not to wait, highly recommend going here after 1 pm and you can usually find a table open or seating at the counter.	 0
Their Split-top Maine lobster roll is BOMB.COM!   About a year ago, we went to Boston and Provincetown, MA and had their lobster roll. To sum up the taste, it was amazing and unforgettable. Coming to the Woodhouse Fish Company just brings me back to MA and the taste is comparable!   I've been here before way back when and even then, I remember it being delicious. So, it seems to me that they have maintained their great quality in taste. Now, it is a little pricy but good seafood is normally pricy.   You have the option of getting their lobster roll sandwich with 3oz of meat or 6oz (of course if you get more meat, you pay like $10 more). I would suggest getting one with 3oz and one with 6oz, then, splitting the one with more meat equally. Trust me, you will experience deliciousness to the second power!	 0
Wonderful ciopinno and lobster roll ever!  Come here because my friend recommeded. I could not decide on Ciopinno and lobster roll and I decided to order both.  Ciopinno - Wonderful tommato base with various fresh food - you can tell the seafood is very fresh and very sweet such as scallop, shrimp, fish, clam,mussel etc, it was like a food feast and there were two yummy garlic bread on top of the soup.  Lobster roll - Thank god i order a small one but it was equally fantastic - A slightly split bread and slightly toasted with garilc butter - In the middle there lies the fresh lobster meat mixed with butter already, I also like their cole slaw, that was with mayonnaise and less vinegar there - I love their fries as well - absolutely fanstastic. My friend ordered the crab melt and he said the lobster roll totally beat his. Exactly the lobster roll was also fantastic.	 0
My boss led me to a place in Half Moon Bay in which he told me had the best lobster roll/sandwich he had ever had in his life.  I took his word for it, and tried it out.  It was pretty solid.  However, when I had the opportunity(ies) to come to Woodhouse, my life was forever changed.    My dear friends who live right around the corner were awesome enough to take me out and show me this place one night, will always go down in the history books.  The first time we went, it was on either a Friday or Saturday night.  We waited for about 15 minutes (the place is very small and does not take reservations, mind you) and got a table.  They recommended I get the lobster roll (which comes in 2 sizes)- with butter, instead of mayo.  I decided to get the large (and why wouldn't I??).  It came with cole slaw and fries.  Oh yea, and to drink, I also got a DIY Arnold Palmer to drink- you can't make this shit up!  When the food came, you better believe I dove right in.  So, you know how my boss was swearing about the lobster roll in the aforementioned paragraph?  Well, I could assure you, he has been missing out.  Because I tell you what, the first bite of that sandwich, I was convinced that was the BEST sandwich I have put in my mouth, hands down.  I mean, nothing else has really even come close in life.  It was a life changer.  Meaty, buttery, and the bread was fresh.  Hell, even the bread pudding for dessert was awesome- I should have told them to put lobster in that.  I enjoyed the place so much a few weeks later, I decided to go back with same company.  This time, I lived dangerously- I got a lobster roll AND a crab roll.  Here is the kicker- afer trying both, it is now very hard to decide which one is better.  I wish I was lying to you and I just went both times really drunk, but I actually went both times sober.  So to say that, should mean something.  The lobster roll tasted just as amazing the second time- so their consistency has so far been spot on.  I love this place, and I hope it never goes away.  Oh yea, and I love the service too.  They remember us when we visit!  That is always a plus!  It truly has the best lobster roll I have ever eaten.  This is coming from a man who used to live in Connecticut...  Not to be missed for seafood lovers!!!	 0
Great food, great service, and the place is super cute.  A new favorite! The lobster roll Was to die for!	 0
This is the place to go for your seafood cravings! We came by here for lunch and ordered the Split-Top Maine Lobster Roll ($36), Crispy Calamari ($14), and a bowl of Clam Chowder ($10) to share. The clam chowder soup contained chunky pieces of clam. It was good, but probably would skip on it unless it's a cold day and soup is what you're craving. The calamari pieces were nice and crispy, which made dipping the sauces perfect. It was a great snack to munch on until the highlight of the meal came. The lobster roll also comes with fries and cole slaw, and I'm a sucker for both so that's already a win in my book. We split the lobster roll and I could barely finish my half. They stuffed so much lobster in my roll that pieces of meat were just falling out. I was pretty darn full, but had to finish it because it was so good. The buttered and toasted bun paired so perfectly with the lobster! Although pricey, it's seafood afterall and it's one of the best you'll ever have.	 0
Yummmmy!   I love this place. Spontaneously decided to come here after consulting good ol' Yelp.   The lobster roll here is superb. The lobster is cooked nicely. It's not dry and overlooked, but it's nice and juicy! The roll was exceptional as well. You actually get to decided how much lobster you want. There's a smaller portion and a larger one. Plan according to your own appetite!   The roll is served with French fries and coleslaw.everything was good! I wish I could eat this once a week, but that would be too indulgent.	 0
When we were in SF, my boyfriend was on a quest to find the best lobster roll.   We shared the large portion of the lobster roll and bowl of clam chowder. I'm not much of a lobster person, so I can't judge the lobster roll without being biased. My boyfriend loved it. The thing that stood out to me was the buttery bread the lobster was stuffed in. (Btw, this is my first time eating a lobster roll so... :x) I on the other hand, loved the clam chowder.  This is a semi-small restaurant. Luckily, when we went we were able to be seated immediately. Service was friendly.  When we come back I'll order the bowl of clam chowder for myself and my boyfriend can have the large portion of lobster roll to himself :p	 0
I keep wanting to come to this place.  It's so cute and has that cool seafood shack vibe.  But their food continues to disappoint.  Came last night and got a bay shrimp and avocado roll.  I thought it would be shrimp and chopped up avocado mixed in some sort of salad like a crab or lobster roll.  It was literally shrimp with unseasoned mayonnaise squirted in top with about half an avocado sliced and sitting on top of the whole thing.  I found it impossible to eat as a sandwich and pretty much tasted like shrimp swimming in mayonnaise.	 1
Had the most amazing Sashimi bowl ever! It was their spicy trio bowl and hands down was the best I've ever had. All fresh and great quality ingredients, their homemade ginger is a must try on the table.  Best time to go is right at 11 to ensure a seat, other than that you might have to wait a bit but everyone is really good about enjoying their meal and taking the right amount of time so others can share the joy of sitting down and enjoying this amazing meal. Be back soon!	 0
Fresh fish. Nothing else sounds greater. This location of Elephant Sushi is only open for lunch on the weekdays but not every day so make sure to check the hours before coming. The sashimi bowls are awesome- they start around $12 and you can get a variety of different fish in each bowl, along with rice and vegetables. I had the Number One bowl since Salmon is my favorite fish and it was delicious- salmon, spicy scallop, avocado, and butter fish. Noms. Will definitely be back.	 0
4.5 STARS   Uber driver: "Where to?" Me: "Elephant Sushi on Golden Gate, please."  Uber driver: "Sushi - on a rainy day?" Me: "Yes, I have raw cravings..."  Uber driver: (o_O) Me: "Get your mind out of the gutter, I'm talking about sashimi."  Uber driver: "It's cold, isn't pho more appropriate?" Me: "Unless you're paying and I ain't cheap, I'm going to Elephant Sushi." (I was being sarcastic.)  Uber driver: "Are you asking me out on a date?" Me: (o_O)  A-W-K-W-A-R-D uber ride aside, Elephant Sushi Golden Gate was worth trekking to the TL for during lunch. It's small with a handful of tables so it's more of a to-go place. There's also two tables outdoors so you can bring your furbaby.   THE thing to get is their BYO Sashimi Bowls: 4 items ($14), 5 items ($16), or 6 items ($18). It may seem a little pricey for lunch but it's so worth it because you get three slices of fish/seafood/avocado for every item. I received 18 slices for my 6-item Sashimi Bowl ($18): http://bit.ly/1SVV782. I choose sake sashimi (2x), hamachi, ankimo, uni, and avocado. You also get to add complimentary toppings like garlic chips, jalapeno, cucumber, etc. All the fish were incredibly fresh and silky smooth. To get more bang for your buck, I would opt out of the avocado and choose another sashimi item instead. The garlic chips are hummus chips from the Hummus Guy at the Farmer's Market (http://bit.ly/1KnNDYT). Their like crack chips and an interesting topping to add for a sashimi bowl. My only gripe was the sushi rice was too citrusy, like it was accidentally doused with lime.   Don't forget to enjoy Elephant Sushi's housemade ginger in the little mason jars which is super spicy and packs a good punch. Free miso soup if you check into yelp (I didn't check in until after I left).  It's rainy again today and those raw cravings are starting to hit. Hmmm, uber time?	 0
The most PERFECT sashimi bowls ever. The bowls start at around $12 and can go up to $20, depending on what type of fish you select. I opted for the salmon, spicy scallops, and truffle oil butterfish in mine - and it was delicious! The fish was super fresh and the ratio of fish: rice: truffle oil: all of the other deliciousness in the bowl was juuussstt right.  Can't wait to try other sashimi bowls!!	 0
The sushi bowl is soooo fresh and delicious. Even the rice at the bottom tastes fishy.	 0
4.5/5- Rounding up for great prices and the service. This place is an absolutely gem and I would eat here everyday if only they were open. I've been trying to come here during their open hours and today was finally the day! The location itself is fairly small. It has 2-3 small tables inside, one large bench like table for 6+ people, and a table or two outside. This would definitely be a nice spot for a lunch by yourself on a workday or for a takeout meal. I can't say the fish quality is perfect but its decent enough for a MYO place and I love the flavors they use. The service is also really nice. I stopped by on a Thursday for around 11:30 and there were already a couple people ahead of me in line and by 12 a decently large group of people were lining up.   I ordered 2 bowls and I'm glad I did because the portions are on the smaller side. If you are really hungry I'd suggest two bowls. If you are looking for a light lunch, one bowl is fine. I did one MYO 6 item sashimi bowl ($16) and a Number 3 ($12).  For my sashimi bowl I got uni, seared walu, salmon, ankimo, albacore, and hamachi. You get between 1-3 slices of each. They didn't do as much with additional flavors in the bowl since you choose your own flavors but I wanted to try the basic fish. The quality of the fish itself is decent for a MYO place. The salmon, albacore, and hamachi were average. They were all on the soft side and didn't have the crisp clean flavor of fresh fish but they were fine. The walu was a bit better though still not very flavorful. The ankimo wasn't very creamy but still retained some of its distinct flavor. The uni was the surprise. I've had a LOT of uni but something about today's uni was very different. It didn't have the typical sweet, slightly buttery taste, with the slightest bit of ocean. It was almost just buttery all the way through with the slightest bit of the uni aftertaste. I really enjoyed it and it was a sizable piece. Overall I'm being nitpicky, but in reality it's a solid bowl of food for only $18. On top of that the rice is wonderful. It was flavored very well and had the best texture. It also tasted like they used just the slightest bit of some form of citrus oil. Whatever it was, it was great. (4/5)  My second bowl was the number three which had seared walu w/ fried garlic pieces plus albacore cubes with fresh wasabi vinaigrette, truffle oil, and capers. This was an absolutely delicious combination of flavors. The fish quality was also average but the additional flavors more than make up for it. The fresh wasabi vinaigrette had such a nice bright flavor and it made the rice and fish incredible. I've had pickled wasabi before and this is like a toned down version of it. It also went really well with the truffle oil which can be metallic-y tasting but with the vinaigrette it tasted pretty nice. (4.5/5)  Overall, I am extremely happy with my meal and I can't wait to come back. And as happy as I am with the fish I think I may love the rice even more, which may be a first.	 0
Man oh man this hole in the wall spot is serious! I really didn't expect much coming here. My buddy who lived in the city kept raving about this place. So we decided to go with him and behold....this magic bowl of sashimi. He ordered the Number 3 Sashimi bowl.   Number three sashimi bowl consists of seared butter fish, cubed albacore, truffle oil, capers, and fresh wasabi vinergarette. This odd combination of flavors just went perfect together. I've never seen this before and truly fell in love. I will visit this place again when I go back up to SF.  Recommendation: Number Three Sashimi bowl	 0
Amazing, fresh, healthy, affordable & quick service, what else can you ask for?  We had the Sashimi bowl you can customize with 4 items, for only 14 dollars. For me, it was: salmon, spicy scallop (not too spicy, just like I like it), seaweed salad and pickled carrots. For hubby: Salmon, spicy salmon. tuna and spicy tuna.  All of that is served with delicious steamed white rice, that just got made, and more seaweed.  Even the pickled ginger is homemade.  Staff was friendly.   Only open 3 days a week at lunch and the place is small. So if you wanna eat there like we did (on the patio!), get there around 12!	 0
Very, very pleasant surprise.  This was a last-minute "Our final destination in SF is in one part of the City, and I don't really want to deal with driving to our previously discussed restaurant and dealing with parking and/or traffic so let's find something closer or more on the way to where we are going later"... anyway.  The Sashimi bowls here are very delicious... the fish tasted quite fresh... and I kind of dug the decor.  Unfortunately, they are not located in the most ideal of neighborhoods in SF, so I don't think I will end up being a regular at this place. But... if I am looking for a solid lunch spot and this is somewhere within striking distance with either my planned route or my original/final destination, I would TOTALLY come back.  If you are in the area, I would definitely give it a shot.	 0
Ate here today for lunch at about 11:20 am on a Friday and we were only ones there for awhile, which was great.  They were making to go orders, tho, so our food took a little while to come to our table, not a long wait at all.  I ordered the number three sashimi bowl, which consists of seared butter fish, cubed albacore, truffle oil, capers, and fresh wasabi vinergarette.  It sounds odd and I was so worried I ordered incorrectly, but my first bite, and I was all "I want to marry this dish". Loved it!!!  My son ordered the number two bowl, which was tuna and the most pricey and he liked it a lot but felt it wasn't anything special.	 0
It's hard to picture yourself in the Ginza when you're in the middle of the Tenderloin, but somehow this closet of an operation transports me to the motherland even if only for a few moments. I've noticed this spot when I walk over to Philz or go to one of the pho shops in Little Saigon, but the foreboding metal gate was always closed. However, during the holidays, the warden let us out of our work cubicles early, so I decided to seize the day and come here. I was right. It is tiny in here with no counter and about a half dozen tables of varying sizes. Only two were occupied, so I sidled into the two-fer table next to the front entrance. I didn't know I was supposed to order at the counter, so I got up to scrutinize their menu of temptations (photo: http://bit.ly/1B9ha00).  No surprises. Lots of rolls and nigiri. Sashimi naked or in bowls. A few specials. I figured it would be a while for a return visit since they're open four hours a day during lunch and only Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Gee, with a full staff (I counted at least six employees in there), how do they afford to make a net profit margin? Let me see those books. Anyhow, I ordered a $12 Sashimi Bowl, Number Two with ahi tuna, hamaichi and avocado (photo: http://bit.ly/15rbIdU). Really fresh tasting and they do publicize that most of their fish is wild or sustainably farmed which I guess means it didn't come from a Foster Farms for Fish bait-and-kill operation. The bowl came festooned with tomato slices and scallions with a plentiful mound of rice underneath. Before I even gorged on that, I received a cup of their Miso Soup which came in a literal coffee cup.  It was quite a standout with seaweed, green onion and shiitake mushrooms (photo: http://bit.ly/1J08Cwe). What an unusually hearty broth to get for free. You would think that would be enough to eat, but no, I also ordered the $9 Spicy Hamaichi Roll because one can never have enough yellowtail in one's life. Gee, I just realized how dirty the word 'yellowtail' sounded in that context. The roll was quite robust with avocado, jalapeno, lime, cucumber, scallion, masago (capelin roe) and toasted shimichi pepper aioli (chili sauce mayo) (photo: http://bit.ly/1yF1F0C). Oh wow, that was delicious, too, and I just noticed the house made ginger enticing me in a glass jar with tongs at the ready (photo: http://bit.ly/1yAZHg0). Hmmm, I may need to schedule a lunchtime "medical appointment" sometime soon.  FOOD - 5 stars...ain't it a bitch that one of the best sushi places in town is only open when I'm at work? Good, fresh fish served here AMBIANCE - 4 stars...it's the Ginza, right?...yo, someone tell me how to get to Sibuya SERVICE - 4 stars...very nice and polite...this is the Tenderloin? TOTAL - 5 stars...a hidden closet sushi spot in the 'Loin serves fresh fish, artful rolls & homemade ginger...word	 0
it is the best Japanese restaurant i have ever had.  They only open for dinner and few nights a week.  They don't take phone reservation.   first come first serve.  we arrived 6:30pm and waited for a table for 45mins.  people came after us had to wait 2 hours. No takeout allowed	 0
This was our first time at a Japanese Michelin and it exceeded my expectations and then some. I could probably write an entire book on the flavors of each item we tried tonight, but I'll try to keep it short.   We went with the 9-course omakase, which came with 16 different items, including a variety of appetizers, grilled dish, six types of nigiri, miso soup, and two types of desserts. You have the option to add on nigiri or a few kitchen items after the sashimi round, so we added on grilled calamari and the wagyu beef nigiri.   Every single item was unique and satisfying in its own way. My standout nigiri were the six-hour smoked Scottish salmon, torched scallop, and Wagyu beef. The uni with salmon roe was delectable and the warm egg custard was perfect. I liked everything in their own way and I wish I could eat like that every night!   The service was on point as expected. We were sat at the sushi bar, which made for a tight space for servers to bring and take away plates but also allowed for an amazing experience, being able to watch the sushi chefs in action. Everyone was polite and patient, describing every ingredient on each plate, much like our past experiences at other Michelin restaurants.   I am so glad we got to experience Wako fresh off their first Michelin star. If you're looking for a way to start off your Michelin journey at a reasonable price (compared to others), Wako is by far the best choice.	 0
Walked by Wako many times and noticed that the restaurant was always full. It's been on my "to try" list and was happy to finally dine here for my birthday.  We were seated at a nice window table upon our arrival for our 5:30pm seating.  The restaurant is small and quaint with a sushi bar that seats about eight and six tables for 14 diners.    The menu is simple with two omakase menu options, 9 course or 11 course.  After starting off with my Kirin, we were ready for our 9 course dining adventure.  Sakizuke starter - sesame tofu topped with uni.  Hassun appetizer - this was a special Japanese appetizer for the New Year. It was a beautiful plated dish consisting of seven items - Enoki mushrooms, salmon roe and dichon, sweet black beans with gold flakes, eel in egg, potato with Wagyu filling, baby anchovies and chestnut over sweet potato  Otsukuri sashimi - a beautiful plated dish of blue fin tuna topped with dried egg shavings and amberjack with yuzu shavings.  Mushimono steamed - a bowl of bonito kelp broth with fish cake, mochi, chicken ball, shitake and dichon.   Nigiri - 4 pieces consisting of red snapper, sea bass, salmon and scallop.   Yakimono grilled dish - black cod with taro, ginko and baby turnip  Nigiri - 4 pieces consisting of wild yellowtail, stripped jack with dehydrated eggs and ginger, bonito, and tuna belly.  You can add on nigiris and we opted to add an abalone nigiri. It consisted of three pieces of abalone topped with dehydrated eggs on top of kelp rice.   Tome-wan - choice of white or red miso soup  Dessert - choice of lychee champagne cake or chestnut mousse cake  Meal was finished with Mignardises - two pieces of chocolate.   Wow! What a dining experience! The dishes were like beautiful artwork that were amazingly delicious. Interesting and unique food. Service was friendly and attentive. For an amazing omakase, check out Wako!	 0
What a wonderful meal. We came here for my boyfriend's birthday and had a lovely time. We ordered the 9 course omakase and enjoyed all of the dishes. I like how at the end of the sushi courses they give you the opportunity to sample additional sushi or order your favorites to try again. They also did a great job of doing something special at the end of our meal to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. A fun splash of confetti with a special champagne custard dessert treat. Thanks to the chef and staff for a wonderful night.	 0
As of the moment of this review, the best sushi meal and experience I've ever had. This may change, but this one Michelin star restaurant is my current champion. (Disclaimer: I haven't eaten a lot of nice sushi so take it for what it's worth)  The restaurant is quaint, featuring a few tables and a small sushi bar. The storefront is unassuming so you may pass it by. You will require a reservation. And as of Nov 2016, they strictly serve their omakase menu.   Food:  We opted for their 9-course option at $92 and added their house hot sake for $21 in lieu of the $80 sake pairing. The price is quite reasonable compared to other spots. Every course was better than the previous. A seaweed bite, various appetizer bites, sashimi, two sushi courses, grilled mackerel, egg, soup, and dessert. I love how they provided a tiny finger towel to clean your fingers so that you can use your fingers to eat the sushi, the way it's intended to be eaten. The absolutely best part was their lychee champagne dessert. It is literally the best thing I've ever eaten. This is not to take away from the rest of the meal, the sushi was top notch. That dessert was just something special.   Service:  Cannot get any better. The waitresses were so sweet and attentive. Each course was described in detail and dropped and picked up so timely.   Detail: We enjoy the small stuff that don't really matter to most. The chopsticks were double sided and smooth to the touch. Very nice. The hot sake comes in a container type thing that keeps it hot. They give a lot of ginger to cleanse the palette.   We would 100% return to this place. It was such an incredible experience. We really felt bad for not thanking the sushi chefs. They are masters.	 0
Make a reservation to sit at the bar (need to be a party under 4 in order to do so). Note, if you do not show up or cancel your reservation, you will get charged. Besides, Wako is super tiny- definitely would recommend coming here as a party of 2.  Get omakase (either one is fine- depends on how hungry you are/whether you want the extra nigiri). The sushi chefs are amazing. Listen to them when they tell you about the meal, enjoy and savor the experience. They're comical and they are the experts- they've been in the business longer than you knew what sushi was.  Well deserved Michelin star and one of the most memorable meals of my life.	 0
Have eaten here twice now - once before the Michelin star and then after.   Overall this place is great! The omakase is an amazing experience from the quality and thoughtfulness of each dish to the attentive service from the wait staff. Some of the really standout nigiri are the applewood smoked salmon, barracuda, red snapper, blue fin tuna, wagyu -- an all time favorite sea eel. The monkfish liver and the uni dishes are awesome as well. Wako, woo!!	 0
I've been on an izakaya splurge lately. it does help when someone else is paying, but I'll be more than happy to pay for the next one.  There are a few rules to Omakase.  1.  Trust the chef 2.  Do NOT ask for any stupid name rolls. 3.  Don't expect mayo, siracha sauce, or cream cheese. 4.  Skip the soy sauce.  The chef will sauce it for you if required.  This is a good intro to quality sushi, so I suggest you take first timers here who are looking to pop their izakaya cherry.	 0
Fancy- yes an experience - yes delicious- yes Expensive - yes  Do you want a burrito after- yes	 0
Amazing!!!! Highly recommend!  The omakase was absolutely delicious and beautifully presented. Each piece was carefully prepared and a completely different experience than the last. Even my boyfriend, who is not usually a fan of sashimi, loved the experience and is excited to go again.  Tips: Get a reservation. Get the pricier omakase (it's worth it). Try to get a seat at the bar (we sat at a table, but will definitely shoot for the bar next time). Come hungry (you will be completely stuffed). Get sake to accompany your meal (if you drink).	 0
Came here to celebrate the bf's bday and glad we did. I made reservations a few weeks prior to make sure we got to sit at the bar. There's only about 10 seats and they only open 530-10pm therefore plan in advance.   My first time doing Omakase but my bf has had pretty authentic experiences in Japan. I'm glad it lived up to his standards. There were 2 price points, we opted for the $100 set vs the $70ish one. Glad we did because as other reviewers mentioned, you do seem to get better fish and of course more since it's 12 pieces of nigiri.   So many courses it was hard to keep track but I did take pictures of each nigiri. Some of my favs were the Otoro (omg melts in your mouth, I had to have a moment where I just closed my eyes and tuned out the world), the cherry blossom salmon, the wagyu beef (never ate raw before but it's such high grade it's like sushi) and the sea eel (not like what you typically expect at all. Super soft and buttery, not fishy like eel is). For the starter, there was ice fish which I wasn't a big fan of because of how strange it looked (clear transparent fish with little eyes) and a bit fishy but good to try. There was also a box of all these unique things like squid, bamboo, mini potato ball, and clam. Overall experience was great, sushi chef was very attentive and friendly, we had some good conversations.   Great place to have sushi. Not a place you go to all the time but good especially if you're looking to celebrate something special or want to experience a Michelin star restaurant!	 0
Definitely worth the walk from my office from start to finish I was overall super impressed by everything the coffee bar was about. Location is choice! Tucked away in a nicely put together location in the Potrero district, ample parking, and the smell of freshly baked bread filling the atmosphere right across the street.  Need I say more? Of course!  Entry has a nice little patio are for folks that want that little fresh air and sun for those days in the office; a beautiful coffee bar just steps way from the main doors. With not only great coffee, and tasty lunch items, service was superb. The barista that helped me was Anthony, greeted upon entry, charismatic and knowledgeable about his craft; made a great Red Eye for me since I literally was about to doze off to snoozeville. The Venue: love it! Simple, local portraits on the walls, nice up beat vibes, and overall great location for that study time or catching up with friends over a nice cup of joe.  Definitely will be back! I have my eye on that ham and cheese croissant that had stared me down right when I got to the register! Thanks again Anthony! Keep up the great work	 0
Delicious salad. Not too loud. Pretty fast wifi. Perfect place to work.  They even have some tables meant to be used like a standing desk.	 0
Havana's Latte is so perfect for me because I love a good caffeine kick + sweetness. Sometimes raw sugar packets or honey just doesn't do it for me, but the rich condensed milk is so major with each sip!  I also have tried the Vanilla Latte (rich flavor with vanilla beans) and hot Vietnamese coffee (good way to stay awake).  I couldn't turn down the avocado toast - scrumptious! Super simple dish w/ a bomb spicy mayo and sesame seed coaxing the wheat-seed bread w/ beautifully sliced avocado.   Great place to study w/ free wifi (pretty good but gets spotty if it's really busy). I like this location because there is parking and also a Starbucks close by if you need secure wifi.	 0
This is honestly one of my favorite coffee spots in the city. It's tucked away in the Mission but it's always so crowded! I've always LOVED the caramel coffee at Coffee Bar. It's something about their caramel that makes it so authentic and not the kind you get from a pumped bottle.   The place can get crowded very fast so it's hard to grab a table if you're not on the lookout. The space against the wall is off limits during certain hours for computer use - most likely during lunch so people don't hog the space for those who are there for an actual conversation. There's plenty of outlets against the wall and people come and leave pretty fast so I think you can definitely find a space to sit if you wait around for a bit. The baristas are super nice and friendly. The atmosphere can get a bit noisy at times so I wouldn't come here if you're looking for a dead quiet space to study at .	 0
Very hip feeling. Lofty. Spacious to a certain extent, because it gets super busy here. The coffee and pastries are really delicious and admirable in the sense they are big and hearty and do things to my black soul.   You'd fit in here if you had a MacBook Pro with advanced photo editing software, with thick rimmed glasses and expensive shirts. I love it here. I wish I could go back more often. I wish they had more locations.	 0
SUPER SUPER LOVE THIS PLACE.   Coffee Bar is really a bar for coffee lovers. Those that love to work with a nice cup of coffee. On a sunny day, how nice for natural light to shine upon thee :)   Coffee Bar offers an outside patio and also an enormous inside seating with plenty of tables and OUTLETS. Yes, don't fret. Outlets are there, but as this place gets packed it may be hard to secure a spot. Wifi is free and doesn't have any network issues. They play their own music which is sorta loud and not my style, but I just opt to put on my own headphones and play my K Pop music.   For coffee, I ordered the Havana Latte which consisted of latte with condensed milk. It was sweeter than I liked, so I'll probably ask for less the next time. Nevertheless, it was a good enough to wake me up. They have breakfast and lunch options too but I skipped that out. Toast, sandwiches, pastries, salad, yummm... the next time :)  Any place with an abundance of study space, drinks, food and cute decor deserves my regular visit. It's too bad this isn't closer to where I live. Although I'm not sure I want people to think I had nowhere else to go :P The real problem though are their hours. They close at 5pm everyday. Where am I supposed to study after class? Hopefully they decide to expand their hours.   WORTH THE VISIT.	 0
I didn't know a coffee shop could be my new go-to sandwich spot.  I'm a cheap safeway sandwich guy 95% of the time and these sandwiches are pricey but bless my soul a bite from the last two sandwiches, let me tell you a thing:  You know that scene in ratatouille where he tells his chubby buddy how to taste the cracker and cheese then that symphony of colors goes on in the black backdrop? Yeah its like that. The roast beef sandwich had the right amount of red onion where the bitterness contributed to a pleasant experience. The salami sandwich has this dry, crumbly cheese similar to asiago that played so well with how tangy the salami was - then you notice a little bit of horseradish like finding out your best friend during last call at the bar.  Come here, leave happy (good drip coffee too).	 0
Absolutely delicious! Egg sandwich and vanilla bean latte. Excellent price! Beautiful scenery! Nice environment. Nice staff!	 0
Of the many many cafes, coffee spots, and work-stop eateries that I (and I'm sure all of you) have been to, this one makes it to my top tier of great spots (in SF, tiers of "good" are necessary, haha).  And while parking can be a slight hassle, depending on the hour of day....still a great spot for the following reasons:  1. Space: Open, lots of tables and outlets, average ambiance noise.  The design is industrial, clean and simple.  At times it can be busy and crowded, but customers are in and out enough for you to find a seat soon enough.  2. Food: I've only tried the Kalifornia Salad...kale, cabbage, and chicken topped with grated cheese, Serrano peppers, peanuts, avocado, and a peanut sauce drizzle.  We've all had the typical California style kale salad, but I must way this was one of the most well-executed ones.  The kale and cabbage were cut in small enough pieces and were softened so I don't feel like I'm eating a bush.  The serrano peppers were just enough to add a good kick and lingering spice, but isn't a crude intense spice.  A little heavy on the dressing, but I'll just ask for it on the side next time.  Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!  3. Coffee:  Didn't try it yet, but the menu has a good spread   I'll be back!	 0
tldr; I would probably come here every day if I lived near them  I love this Coffee Bar. I've only been to their FiDi locations in the past since I used to work there. I was in the area (a bit out of the way unfortunately!) and decided to stop by for a coffee. Firstly, the menu looks way more expanded than their FiDi locations. Also most importantly, there's a TON of seating! There's a lovely little outdoor area that you walk through to get into the shop, and then there are a ton of seats inside.   I got the Havanna Latte here which I haven't seen in FiDi (though it sounds like maybe I just haven't been to their other locations in awhile). It's basically a latte that is made with condensed milk instead of normal milk.  It is awesome.	 0
I've never had a 'torta' before. In fact, I don't picture myself ever having a torta from a Mexican joint when there are always tacos, burritos, nachos, etc.   In fact, I had two tacos and enchiladas here. They really raved about enchiladas, and I thought theirs were ok. I really like my enchiladas smothered, and these had just enough sauce to keep them moist, but not much more. The tacos were on point with some of the other places.  However, where this place really shines and what really impressed me were their fresh fruits. Wow, this place had some really fresh and ripe fruits. Their smoothies looked amazing, and they banged those out with ease. I also saw a customer get a orange juice and QUAIL EGG power drink!!   When you're in a sea of Mexican joint, you really need to stand out. This place does it with their smoothies.	 0
Finally I found a place where tortas aren't submarines! Ugh I seriously hate it when half of the mass of the torta is lettuce and beans but these were just perfect. It had the right amount of ingredients, the meat had taste, andddddd most importantly this is as close as it gets to Mexico City tortas, which I dearly miss.	 0
Highly disappointed in this place. I was here about a year ago and was in love with it! Came back today and left unhappy. I ordered a mamey liquado. Once I tried it I had tasted a bitter taste. I went up to the lady (the owners sister) and told her kindly that it tasted as if the fruit was old. She then proceeded to tell me my liquado was made out of powder. It wasn't fresh! And she told me "well you didn't ask". I asked her if she could make me a new one and she said she couldn't!! She could only make me a new one if I paid again. Never coming here again	 1
"DO NOT EAT HERE" hopefully ppl see this before thinking of going here. DISGUSTING PLACE IS LIKELY TO BE INFESTED BY COCKROACHES TO FIND ONE INSIDE THE TACOS WE ORDERED! Makes me sick! The lady working reacted as if she could NOT see it, try to say it was rice. Seriously! Don't order rice in no taco wtf! She offers another taco & drink! By far the WORST that can happen while ur trying to enjoy a meal!! WATCH WHAT U EAT!	 1
Loved this place! I can't believe I had never been. I normally crave French toast, sausage and eggs for breakfast but we decided to grab some TORTAS. I went all out and ordered #19 ham, chorizo, and eggs with orange juice (fresh squeezed), liquado de fresa and to top it off a Vionco. Everything was delicious!! I couldn't finish the torta cause of all the drinks but it was very yummy. They have a ton of options for their tortas. Some friends ordered, torta ahogada which they said was good and spicy! And others order carne asada. 5 stars! We will all return the next time we are in town. Give it a try!	 0
I've eaten tortas all across Mexico and this place is the true matchup. Prepare for a wait, it's worth it.	 0
The best torta cubana I have ever eaten  ....for years I have been eating at this place and honestly, Mexican food? This is the place......	 0
Ordered the carne asada torta. Tasty but so skimpy on the meat!   Today I woke up with guttural punches and I'm on the toilet writing about it right now. Food poisoning?!  No Bueno	 1
Owner was very friendly and accommodating. He explained the ingredients that went into their delicious tortas. Prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get.	 0
Friendly Family owned business! Awesome customer service! More than Tortas! #freshjuice #fruits #vegetables #Willbhealthy	 0
So you thought sandwiches were just American? Nope! Tortas are a Mexican sandwich with your choice of meat, tomato, jalapeño, mayonnaise, avocado and chopped onions and cheese of your choice but if it's not queso fresco it's not quite as legit, all served on a hard roll. Although not as common as the burrito they're sooooo good! My favorite is the chicken Milanesa without jalapeño (cause I'm a wimp) and at $7 it's not a bad price for a fully loaded sandwich you could probably split into two meals.   Now all I need is to find a spot that serves Cemitas ( a different type of sandwich)	 0
I ordered the Chili Verde Enchiladas and was very dissapointed.. The tortillas were hard, not what I expected I have been hearing so many good reviews. I'm on the hunt for flavorful delicious Chili Verde Enchiladas.	 1
If you haven't had a Mexican torta before, haul ass over to Tortas Los Picudos NOW. After a torta experience you'll never go back to sandwiches / subs. Ever again.   Favorites are the breaded chicken and Cuban, plan to try the vegetarian next time...portabello and spinach mmm.   The Tortas are stuffed with a generous helping of meat, tomato, lettuce, onion, and best of all, huge chunks of AVOCADO. They don't skimp on ingredients here and one torta is big enough to last for two meals or split with a friend!   Impeccable service each time. The workers are incredibly nice and speedy.   Sure will miss this place when I leave SF!	 0
GOT THAT ASIAN GLOW AISHHH (Pregame drink came off a bit strong because I didn't eat beforehand *smacks forehead*)  Had this place bookmarked for awhile and have been wanting to try it out because they're a fusion of Mexican and Korean food (i know, say whaaaa!?). Told the girls about it after playing a few rounds of the endless "so where do you want to eat?" game and surprise surprise, no objections.   We walked a few blocks from our hotel to get here, so by the time we arrived we were out of breath and our legs a bit wobbly (either from the alcohol or those damn steep hills), but either way it was pretty fucking worth it because Tacorea did not disappoint at all.   MENU They have the Cali Burrito, The Big Ricardo, Tacorea Kimchi Burrito, Street Tacos (4x), El Super Burrito, "Lil Kodak" Quesadilla, Mama Lee's Spicy Pork Bowl, and Totchos (tater tot nachos). All around the price of 10$, definitely filling, and are a perf hangover cure if you need it.  Went with the "Lil Kodak" quesadilla paired with Kanye Asada (srsly can't get enough of their puns lmao). It came with chips, The Freshest Guac I have ever tried, mmm-inducing crispy tater tots, and a generous portion of Yeezy meat. However, I tried my cousin's bulgogi totchos and couldn't get enough! Sorry Yeezy, but I liked the taste of bulgogi asada more :p    Out of the 4 of us, I was the only one to finish my meal. I totally kicked Lil Kodak's and Kanye Asada's ass and devoured the whole shebang; I loved it that much man. Yeah, I felt a bit sick from being full afterwards, but nothing like a 5 mile trek around the city to do the trick (twas an adventure and will be in my next review :D).   DETAILS -As soon as you enter Tacorea, you can see a flag of South Korea hanging above the entrance and a cute hexagon tile mosaic on the floor that reads "let's taco bout it..." I LIVE for punny puns, so Tacorea, you got a gold star, even before I tried your bomb food.  -Employees are super friendly and cute! Mama Lee, the cool hipster ajumma sporting a nike snapback, studs, and white polo, asked if I wanted any water and swiftly brought some for all of us. Really thoughtful and I loved her badassery. ^_^ -The vibe here was very chill and laid-back. They play some good music too, like an edm version of the Moana song "How Far I'll Go" and yaass, we started singing along--karaoke style. Sober BJ wouldn't do that, but buzzed BJ would. (-: -Table numbers are old school Musicards that have rappers on 'em. V dope, I love their style.  -There's 2 tv screens and well-placed mirrors that help anyone who wants to watch see the screen. They were playing TBBT, so that made me enjoy my meal even more.  -If you got a big booty, their seats are no bueno. Nonetheless, if I made it work, you can make it work too, booboo.  -If you look at the bottom of your receipt it says "F*ck that's delicous" and I thought that was a brilliant touch lol.   FYI'S/TIPS -It's a tiny lil place (4 tables), so usually there's a long line (luckily for us we missed the night rush *smirks*). Be prepared and bring a jacket just in case it gets cold.  -Do yourself a favor and go for the Korean meats (Bulgogi Asada or Mama Lee's Spicy Pork)! -For any item, you can substitute the meat for veggies (mushrooms, bell peppers, carrots).  -Don't worry my fellow sriracha fanatics, their sriracha is located on the counter to the left of the beverages. David and Mama Lee got yo back.  -You can mix & match your meats if you get the street tacos. -They accept cards. -Make sure to clean up after yourselves. There's some tubs to put your dirty dishes below the center counter. -Yep, they do catering. Just note that if you order 7+ items you should send them an email to primo@tacoreasf.com 2 hours prior to pick up and give them a call at 415-885-1325 to confirm the order.  For my lovely ladies, here's a random phrase I came up with (well the end part I added): tacos over vatos and power to the gatos *winkwink (-;   Yes, let's taco bout it...girl power!  A LIL BACKGROUND INFO Tacorea has been slanging tacos since the summer of 2016 and was once Jasmin's Cafe. The co-owners are David Lee and his mom aka Mama Lee. I thought it was cool of David to keep all of the previous staff and make the menu items affordable for local residents. Keep up the great work David and thanks for inspiring us to pursue our dreams!    To David, Mama Lee, and the rest of the Tacorea squad, thanks for the f*cking delicious food and making me feel a lot better. I'll be back fosho. You guys keep slanging your bomb tacos/burritos/totchos/everythang. I wish you a successful business, hwaiting!!   Much love, Buzzed BJ	 0
Have you ever felt the sweet sensation of cutting your toes of and then jumping into a pot of poiling hot water?...No?...well because that is just how it fells going to a place like Tacorea.  First it smelled like taco bell porte-potty second the prices are as bad as the food i mean after having  eaten the junk they served me i ended up pooping out the hardest BIGGEST most painful loge ive ever had the plessure of ejecting out of my butt hole... and thats not normal its supposed to be like liquid!  anyway i just wanted to make this review as a symblo that we should not overrate a resteraut because its being overrate by every body else cause u know that makes u a follower...  #MakeYelpGreatAgain	 1
Delicious!! Huge fan of this whole korean-mexican fusion genre, and I'd pick this place over its somewhat-near competitor, HRD, any day. We came about 10 mins before dinner opening, and there was already a line formed!   Thankful to read many reviews here that advised to go ahead and skip out on all the NON-marinated meats (steak, bacon, pork, chicken) and to actually pick the korean aspect of "tacOREA" meats -- bulgogi (sweet marinated beef) and spicy pork.  -Bulgogi totchos: Our favorite dish here!! I could just eat this and I'll be a happy camper ...but tbh why stop here??). Crispy and fluffy tater tots topped with bulgogi, pico de gallo, guac, crema & cotija cheese. We weren't 100% a fan of the cotija cheese and could've done without it, but enjoyed this dish nonetheless!  -Kimchi burrito: Wooooo, so much flavor! The burrito is packed with spicy pork (definite heat to this), crunchy kimchi, spanish rice, cheese, lettuce and pico de gallo.  -Taco x4: We had 2 bulgogi and 2 spicy pork... These were a little smaller than I had hoped and again was topped with the cotija cheese that I wasn't a complete fan over, but we enjoyed these! Not bad, but not out of this world. We probably wouldn't order these again if we were to come back--probably give the quesadilla a try!   Service was good, tables are meant for sharing (even the small 4 seated ones). I'm excited for the next time I get to eat here!	 0
Amazing! I love Korean and Mexican fusion food. The place is pretty small and gets crowded quickly. We waited 20 minutes for the food and to snag a table but was definitely worth it. Service was really friendly and the prices are great!  We ordered the tater tot nachos ($9.50) with mama lee's spicy pork. It was covered with delicious cheese, salsa, and guacamole. The tater tots were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I thought this dish was amazing! It's pretty heavy so I recommend sharing with someone else. We also got a california burrito with bulgogi ($9.50). I loved the tater tots mixed with bulgogi. Extremely addicting! The burrito was huge and was more than enough for one person. They also gave a bag of free tortilla chips which is perfect for finishing off the tater tot toppings.  Overall definitely check this place out! Just be prepared to wait a bit and avoid bringing a large group unless you're taking to go.	 0
Found this place on Yelp, and had to check it out while visiting SF a couple weeks ago. I love these hole in the wall type of places. You order in the front, then sit down and they bring out your food. I had studied the menu before walking in, which I always try to do, because I'm super indecisive. I got the California Burrito, and it was amazing. A generous portion for less than $10 in SF. I loved the hot crispy tater tots in the burrito along with all the flavors of everything in the burrito. After trying my BF's bulgogi taco, I kinda wished I had gotten the bulgogi instead of the steak that came with the burrito-I'll do that if I'm able to come to this place again. Writing this review is making me crave the burrito, it was oh so delicious! My bf loved his taco sample plate.   I had a brief convo with the owner, he seemed like a very nice, hardworking guy. It's nice to be able to see people live out their dreams!   Highly recommend this place!	 0
I was catching up with a buddy after returning from a Euro trip and he suggested we give Tacorea a try.  We normally hit up HRD, one of our favorites, but because we love trying new spots, we decided to make the trek.  We arrived early (actually we were the first in line) because Tacorea can get slammed by the lunch crowd.  As a former San Diegan in search of a great NorCal California burrito, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to try Tacorea's version with Kanye asada.  I was definitely not disappointed.  Juicy, delicious, and not overly dense, their California burrito was the perfect combination of meat, cheese, tater tots, and all the fixin's.  So so good and definitely something I'd get again.  It's also perfectly priced at under $10.  Tacorea's service is fantastic and friendly, and reminded me a lot of my love for HRD's team.  The food is fantastic and, while the shop is tiny and you have to pass through the TL, it's a trek I would make again and again.  Totally worth it.  Food: 9/10  Service: 10/10  Price: $  Atmosphere: 8/10	 0
I was in town, exhausted from walking everywhere, and looking for something for dinner that wasn't super expensive or a chain place. Thanks to the good people at Yelp, I found out about Tacorea and took the .5 mile walk from my hotel.  It's always a good sign when there is a super long line. I waited and then ordered the California burrito. It was a little confusing/awkward finding a spot to sit for just one person, but the staff helped me out, and I got a spot at a table.  The burrito was AWESOME. The tots gave it a really unique texture that reminded me of a food truck we have in Jacksonville. All of the flavors came together perfectly. My only "complaint" is that the burrito was huge and I couldn't finish the entire thing. I'm sorry I had to get rid of some of it!  If you're in San Fran, check this place out!	 0
GET THE CALI BURRITO!!   Thursday night + packed dinner hour. Place is small but i managed to get a seat when our food was ready. Staff were polite, quick to respond, + help with whatever was needed.   i got the california burrito w/ bulgogi. SO GOOD! The sweet + chewy bulgogi, hint of spicy salsa, cream guac & sour cream, & tator tots (cool!!) was an amazing combination. Super flavorful & different.  Definitely worth recommending	 0
Meh. Gave this place a try, but didn't really fall in love. Yelp reviews say otherwise! Maybe I ordered the wrong thing on the menu? My motto, is if a place is good, anything I order from the menu should live up to its expectations. Sadly, that wasn't the case with Tacorea. They have a order at the counter concept, sort of like legit Mission taquerias. You order at the cashier and your order is ready within 10-15min~ depending on how busy it is. We visited on a Friday night around 8:30pm.   Food: I ordered their tacos. 2 Carne Asada tacos. Pretty simple, not too hard to mess up. I was so dissapointed; my tacos were incredibly dry and flavorless. And super super small.  Small portions, not so great taste, and expensive...not what I expected. I also tried a bite of their CA burrito, definitely much better than the tacos, but not superb either.   Tacorea Taco (4)     10.95 Choice of meat, Salsa Verde, Cilantro, Onions, Queso Cotija on Corn Tortilla  California Burrito       9.5 Carne Asada, Crispy Tater Tots, Shredded Cheese, Guacamole, Crema, Pico de Gallo  Service: I liked the quick, fast, and friendly service. So thumbs up! The staff is constantly cleaning up tables to make room for other parties (no need to go poke at them).    Atmosphere: Laid back, super cassssual. Anything restaurant claiming "fusion" tends to be on the Hipster side of SF. Very diverse crowd from young groups to an elder couple. Could be good when you have the drunchies.	 1
This place is so amazingly good. The owners are wonderful people, the food is always excellent, and it's never too loud.   Highlights include the mugdara salad, the dolmas, the Safehat falafel and the zuzu ganoush	 0
For those of you who love (really love) the flavors of Middle Eastern food, Jannah Restaurant on 1775 Fulton Street, at Masonic will haunt your tastebuds demanding you return for more. Apparently once called Yaya, Jannah is a small, one chef owner  restaurant with a second chef who works there when the main man is not there. I love (really love) Middle Eastern Food and this restaurant is one of the most unique combinations of the flavors of the region in collaboration with hints of the Californian cuisine. Innovative, succulent, a little spice (maybe more if you ask ??), the menu is unique and not fussy.   I had a the lentil soup with sumac which was thick, satisfying, comfort food just like lentil soup should be. Then came the Safeehat Falafel which was like a Middle Eastern pizza. It was a perfect crust made of garbanzo beans covered with a thin wash of pesto, followed by eggplant, roasted bell peppers, onions, mushrooms, tomato and topped with feta (not super salty thankfully) and goat cheese. Vegetarian heaven. It's a generous dish and two people could easily make it a center of a meal, with one of their wonderful sounding salads, a dip, coffee, wine, desert...omg...I have to go back.  As I savored the Safeehat Falafel, I read the menu. Crazy, right? Incredibly delicious  sounding salads, really interesting dips and other main courses to try alone and with friends.   Another plus: a nice selection of wines by the bottle and by the glass.   The prices are way reasonable and the food is outstanding. It looks like a very comfortable place to have a gathering of good friends and family for celebrations, or for no reason at all.   This is a hidden gem and it's the real deal.   I think i'm moving in.  url: http://www.yayacuisine.com/menu.htm	 0
I discovered Jannah about a month ago and have been back with different friends three times. The food is excellent. Their menu offers so many choices and the portions are very generous.  This Middle Easter Iraqi food is made by an amazing chef. The ambiance is lovely and the service is great. There are choices for those who are vegan, vegetarians, as well as meat and fish eaters. Oh, their desserts are special and scrumptious. Even though I am not a wine drinker, I notice they have an interesting wine list. I can guarantee once you experience Jannah's food, you will also want to keep returning as I have, to try new dishes and to continue this gastronomic paradise. Ilana	 0
Creamy homemade hummus, pickled veggies, tabouleh, salad, grilled chicken and salmon kebabs with a basket of fresh pita bread...All for $11!!?? Yes!  This has got to be one of the best lunch deals in town! Lamb and beef kebabs are also options for the lunch special and you can choose from a few other sides instead of the hummus.  Just for fun, we shared some chicken barley soup. It was rich and hearty - the kind of meal I imagine a middle eastern shepherd enjoying pre-dawn before a day of wandering rugged hills with his flock.  I tried the salted lime juice - boy, was it strong and bitter. I recommend mellowing it out with a generous infusion of ice water.  Service was good and we practically had the whole place to ourselves. It's a great little spot for a healthy, delicious mid-week, mid-town lunch.	 0
It's been awhile since I ate here the last. The dinner was so delicious! I love their eggplant dish, salmon and chicken perdaplow. We'll go back there again next week. The waiter is super nice. I love the quiet space to have a conversation over wine. The price is a bit high as a regular dinner but it's so worth it!	 0
One of the best Arabic food spots I've had in the Bay Area. The food is authentic and are huge portions, at least in my opinion. Amazing pomegranate sauce that compliments some of the spiced entrees. I also found one of my favorite desserts knafeh!! Food does take some time to prepare so keep that in mind, if you go in starving order apps. But they owners are really kind and took care of us. We'll be back!	 0
Staff extremely nice.  Food is very good healthy and tasty.  Went once last weekend and had to Come back for take out the next week.  Glad it is just down the street.	 0
Came here for dinner last night as it was recommended by a friend. I was surprised at how quiet it was as the food was great.   We had the starter plate with hummus and pita - so good! I then had the chicken tikka with rice which was also good but I loved the dip plate more. Wine was $5 a glass and the service was great. It's a family run restaurant and you can feel the love they have put into the restaurant. I'll be going back to try the falafel.	 0
Delicious, and surprisingly uncrowded for a Wednesday night.   We were 4 and shared everything:  Mezze - choice of 3 dips - all very tasty.  "Pizza" - very interesting, falafel flattened and covered with topping. Yum! and Unique Eggplant appetizer - sauce is very sweet - almost too sweet, but, great with the eggplant "ravioli" - should be a dessert! But also very tasty.  Grape leaves (app) - probably our favorite. Juicy and plump  Dolma main - large, enough for 2 people (we all shared it). Very different from the grape leaf appetizer, as our waiter told us.   Overall - was quiet, great ambiance, very reasonable for how much food we got and how quickly. We'll be back!!	 0
Quiet, spacious restaurant in the Haight area serving Iraqi and other Mediterranean cuisine.   ---- ENTREES ----  Chicken Kebabs: 4.5 stars Juicy and well-seasoned.  Excellent kebabs.  Perdaplow:  5 stars I've never had anything like this before, and it blew me away.  Phyllo pastry pie filled with shredded chicken and almonds, served with apricot / peach chutney with raisins.  Lamb Shank with potato and garbanzo beans: 4 stars  Kuzi: 4 stars  Mazkoof: 4 stars Smashed trout   Hummus: 3 stars Better than Tribe and Sabra packaged hummuses, but slightly on the clumpy and watery side of the fresh hummuses I've had, especially in this city.  Tabouleh: 4 stars Standard fresh tabouleh, the citrus is balanced, nothing objectionable about it.  ---- DESSERT ----  Kahi: 4 stars I love hot desserts. Phyllo pastry stuffed with a cheesy custard filling almost savoury, in a pool of rose or raspberry (?) sauce.  Knafa: 4 stars Looks legit, prettiest knafeh in SF, oozy cheese, but flavour was just okay. Not sweet enough unfortunately.  I'd definitely like to come back here to verify the quality of more dishes, but for one meal alone (and takeout, too!) this restaurant has earned itself 4.5 stars for quality.	 0
This is a great neighborhood spot. Owners are wonderful and accommodating. Tell them what you want and it will happen. They are from Iraq and they aim to please for American taste!	 0
The most delicious Middle Eastern food! I came here with my family and we definitely were not disappointed! The lamb tikka is mouthwatering. The sambosak is great especially if you're a vegetarian. The baklava and chai to top off the food was just right. The service was over the top. Very kind and attentive. I can't wait to come back!	 0
After two delicious visits I am ready to award five stars.  Dishes sampled: - chicken kabob - salmon kabob - Yaya grape leaves - Sheakh Muhshee  All were very, very good and large portions. The salmon kabob is a must-try; I've never had salmon kabobs before and thought they would taste strange but was happily surprised. Eggplant and lamb dishes were also great. Family run restaurants with good service.	 0
The falafel pizza, soup, hummus, and sambosak were all very good and the people are very friendly and responsive.	 0
Oh, Cindys!   This is the only convenience store in the immediate area. I work up the road and I get delicious made to order sandwiches whenever I get a chance to leave my desk. It is run by a great family and named after the owners mother, not to be confused with his gorgeous wife who sometimes runs the register. Their equally gorgeous children also help run the shop and it's super dog friendly. They make an effort to form a relationship with their patrons and always are nice enough to ask how it's going.  They have an excellent beer and wine selection and my coworkers and I frequent the place as a group. Even during the lunch rush, your made-to-order sandwich never takes too long and it's a very comfortable environment. They also have fresh produce and last minute essentials you might need in the middle of cooking dinner when you realize you forgot something. I always talk books and literature with the owners wife, and I once accidentally left a book I was reading at the counter. Tony, (the owner) saw me walking in to work one morning and startled me by honking his horn and pulling over in front of me. He rolled down his car window and handed me my book! It's places like this that remind you that you can still get that small country vibe amidst the hustle and bustle of our crazy city.	 0
I go to Cindy's Market quite regularly. This bodega has all the essentials for a neighborhood mini-market: flour, spices, eggs, juices, etc. I, however, come here mainly for their sandwiches. Their hot and cold sandwiches are priced fairly. They have a solid variety of meats and cheeses: pastrami, roast beef, turkey, etc. (I'll lobby though for their hot pastrami! Yum!) Most sandwiches are big and priced around $5.99. Of course, like most delis, they charge extra for cheese and avocado. In terms of bread, they have Dutch Crunch which is basically EVERYTHING when it comes to a quintessential San Francisco sandwich. They also have a chip & soda combo option that's an affordable add-on. That said, I usually can get all of this under $8 which is a good value in this city and in this neighborhood.   Service is pretty good. The staff are friendly especially the ladies at the register and at the deli. They also have a regular clientele since every time I've stopped in, the staff seem to know half the people who walk through their doors. That's always a good sign. If you're in the mood for a no-frills but satisfying sandwich and/or need a few essentials but don't want to make the expedition to Lucky, Cindy's is your place!	 0
Great market!! They make amazingly delicious deli sandwiches at a completely affordable price. This place has a very neighborhoody feel and the staff is super friendly and helpful. Try cindys Market you won't be disappointed :-)	 0
My favorite corner store in SF. I'm there everyday. Family owned and operated. Love you guys!	 0
Probably the best sandwich we had in our ten days in San Francisco. Deli meat is cut fresh, bread is really fresh and the cheese isn't processed! For the price and quality you can't beat this. They also have a huge wine selection! If you're hungry and walking by come here!	 0
I live about a 10 second walk from this Market and never thought to purchase a sandwich here. I always pop in for soup when I'm home from work feeling sick but always see a big line of people ordering at the deli. When I saw the high review I got nervous, surely these reviews were from college kids with no money raving their sandwich was excellent because it cost $5.   Thankfully, I was wrong.  I ordered a hot pastrami sandwich and it was phenomenal. I loved it! I also ordered a side or dolma (which were reasonable, too). Standard sub sandwiches (nothing too crazy) but they nail the basics and that's what counts. Will definitely come back.	 0
Cheap yummy sandwiches! A large sized sandwich (especially with the dutch crunch) for around $6. For quick and cheap lunches come here.	 0
Awesome, big-sized sandwiches for very affordable prices. Friendly service, great ingredients and convenient location. What more can a Haighter ask for?  Highly recommended.	 0
Delicious sandwich, for just $4.99. I live about 2 miles away and don't mind driving up once in a while - not just because of the price, but also because the owner makes a really good sandwich.	 0
It's the type of corner store every neighborhood wants. Friendly service, delicious (and affordable) sandwiches, and a wide selection of essential groceries that you always seem to need when you're in a hurry. Recommend to all!	 0
Tony is the man. Fresh coffee in the am. Great sandos. 1 block from my house. Highly recommend a sandwich and beer run here before going to Panhandle.	 0
I'm so lucky Cindy's Market is my neighborhood corner store.  Beer, Wine, Milk most basic grocery items and bonus, a small deli!  I have heard the sandwiches are great (haven't tried them yet), but I can tell you what has me coming around are the dolmades.  Mmmm, so good. Lucky to live in NoPa.	 0
This is my go-to sandwich place! The store items are really expensive but the sandwiches are soooo good and only $5. The owner makes the sandwiches and he is very friendly. It's also convenient for me bc I live a block away.	 0
Cindy's market offers a great selection of deli items for lunch as well as all of my favorite beers and snacks. They also have competitive prices on typical corner store items ($2 coconut water!) . I just wish Cindy's was the corner store across the street from my apartment instead of Deli Plus ($3 coconut water) a few blocks down .   They also have a good selection of produce that you may need in a pinch (not necessarily the most fresh but not bad), good bread, and even vegetarian bacon. So glad to have this place in the neighborhood.	 0
Solid lunch spot that is fast, affordable, delicious, and healthy. I usually stop by here after a workout. Staff is super friendly, attentive, and they take care of their regulars.   Get the lamb shawarma and add some spice to it! The soup is a pretty good side as well.	 0
This is a really good place as far as taste and service.  I really like all the different plates and wraps... very tasty.  Prices are okay, not cheap or expensive for the location.    If you are a big fan of mediterranean wraps and dishes... give it a try.  The service is also friendly and fast.  It doesn't take forever which is a big plus for me.   The only drawback is that seating inside is very limited. There is also some seating outside but not for large parties. I usually take it to go.   Good healthy food... give it a try.  btw...  the service I've gotten from the girl that works there has been pretty good.  It seems some Yelper's have gotten attended from some guy that is not as nice. I'm sure the service will continue to be great, but if I ever experience bad service I"ll make sure to come back and change the review.  ; )	 0
I enjoyed coming here for a number of years, but I guess tonight was the very last time....   A hipster sort of dude, cashier that I may have seen before, elected not to process my "Order Ahead" order, and proceeded to argue with me about how he could not fill the order as stated, but then said he could, but I'd have to wait a while, because he had other orders to fill....     So, I had ORDERED & PAID AHEAD OF TIME, so I could bask in this jerk's attitude?!?  REALLY?!?  Why did I order ahead and drive across town if you're not going to even BOTHER doing anything about it?!?     Were you too busy with that out of control hair? Common dude, this is food service, nobody wants to pick your long hair out of their food!  So, I'll be going elsewhere for now on.  It's was good for a while, but nothing worth dealing with insufferable attitude over.   Funny, all those other times I used "Order Ahead" (an app), I had no problems... Not until tonight, just after 8pm, 9/25/16	 1
4.5 STARS  Last month, I was at a busted-looking taco truck in back of the Uber building. I wanted a cheap and light lunch so I ordered one taco. I gasped when the guy said, "Seven-dollars, please" (no prices listed on the menu). I gasped again when no foodgasm ensued. Kinda like being with a minute man. Ladies, you know what's up...or not.   Yesterday, I was reading about a new Mexican restaurant in Russian Hill opening today where A [single] taco with no crema, no guacamole, and no sides is $12. With tax, healthy sf tax, and tip that's $16 for ONE taco. Ridiculous.    My point is, food prices are insane in San Francisco so I love it when I can get a satisfying meal for around $10 or less.      I was on my way to an appointment and stopped by Zaytoon for a quick lunch. There's only several stools for seating and a public parklet outside so it's more of a to-go spot. Street parking is only doable during the weekdays around the mornings or lunch.    Zaytoon's menu is straight forward with salads, wraps, burgers, and platters. Protein choices: Falafel, lamb, chicken and beef kebab. Everything is under $10.95. Gluten-free option is +$2. The meats are sources from Niman Ranch and breads are locally sourced. Cc's accepted.    I ordered the Lamb Shawarma Wrap ($10.95) to go. Don't forget to check-on Yelp for 10% off.   While waiting for my wrap to be prepared, the Steve Harvey Show was showing on their tv. The topic: "The 30-Day Sex Challenge" where couples do the horizontal mambo every day for 30-days. Normally, I wouldn't be able to peel my eyes away from the screen but one of the ladies on the show looked like my mom. So...I stared at the empty parklet outside instead.    Luckily, my wrap was ready to go in less than 5 minutes.   When I unraveled the foil, I was pleasantly surprised to see my wrap generously STUFFED with lamb: http://bit.ly/2cVnaaR. The Niman Ranch lamb was robust with spices, and the sumac seasoned onions with sweet broiled tomatoes created a wrap that was jam packed with layers of flavor. I requested it "spicy" and the hot sauce had a good, lingering heat (medium spicy). The wrap was tightly wrapped so there was no leaks. I saved the other half for dinner and it kept well with zero sogginess. Minor gripe: I wish the lavash was toasted more.   Previous picture(s) of the wraps looked skimpy - Ed U's lamb shawarma from 2010: http://bit.ly/2crk4Zi. I'm glad they have since beefed up their fillings and I hope it stays that way.   4.5 STARS rounded up in hopes that their skimpy shawarma was of yesteryear and thick, g-i-r-t-h-y wraps are here to stay!	 0
Ordered to go lamb wraps. it was cold after 3 mins i opened it up in the car. I mean wtf??? Pretty pricey for more than 10 bucks. It was not tasty, not even close how a lamb swarma supposed to taste. More like a weird burrito taste but with mediterrian spices. The falafel was ok tho...	 1
I'm a little bit (more than a little bit) addicted to their lamb shawarma wraps. The meat here is of excellent quality (via Neiman Ranch), and everything I've ordered has been delicious. But since I found the lamb wrap, it's my go to order. (heart eyes)	 0
I always always get their shawarma wraps.  Soft, yet crispy, wrap (and not too thick or bready).  Juicy flavorful meat.  Killer hummus and yogurt sauce.  Extremely filling.  I've been to quite a few shawarma stops ranging from carts to sit-downs, and this is one of my favorites.  A little on the expensive side...$10-11 for a wrap...but at the end of the day I'd still buy it :)	 0
Quick and easy. They accept cards which is rare in the mission. Like the hours and highly suggest the chicken shawarma	 0
Really good lamb platter, I enjoyed eating it.  I might visit again soon since it's really good haha.	 0
Best falafel in the Mission.  Try the dolma wrap.	 0
Catering Review  Ordered falafels, Greek salad, tabouleh, babaghanoush, and pita.  Everything was delicious, well packaged, and the guys working there were super friendly. My husband and I order out from this place all the time. And I'm glad I thought of them for our party. Everyone loved it.	 0
This place lives up to its hype.  This is likely a reiteration of all the great things already listed, but in short, their prime rib is succulent, mouth-watering, so amazingly soft, but just the amount of tenderness.   The sauce adds just the right amount flavor that doesn't take away from the prime rib.   Their prices of $40-$50 prime ribs are justified. A salad was provided also, I didn't care for it personally, just tasted like Italian dressing.  The customer service was great though! Paul was personable and attentive!   Would recommend! Reservations necessary!	 0
This review pains me to write. But bear with me...  After nothing but the BEST experiences with food and service here over the years, I excitedly made another reservation for a special occasion over a month in advance. I counted down the days and talked it up to my guest SO much... raved about how perfect this night was going to be. Salivated over the idea of Prime Rib and Yorkshire Pudding for weeks. Then, we went. Here was the experience: - service was (I am sad to say) pretty awful. Our poor waiter was just having a bad night, but every single thing he could have forgotten/gotten wrong/been slow about/been short about/was unsanitary about- he did. And I get it... people have a bad night. But he didn't apologize at any point or try to amend anything. It just "was how it was." - the food was (I am even sadder to say) subpar. We watched as our table-side salad got grossly over-seasoned- both of us could only manage a bite. The sides were all average- only the Prime Rib itself held up (thanks to the lovely carver Gerardo). - the crowd now is mostly tourists who come in very casual attire, and seem to be celebrating a birthday. So every 5 minutes, you're treated to loud renditions of the "Happy Birthday" song sung by large groups of folks in Alcatraz t-shirts. Not to be snooty- but it certainly takes away from the vibe when you roll in there dressed to the nines and ordering expensive bottles of wine on a date. The atmosphere felt more like an Applebees than the swanky establishment it once was (and promised my suit-and-tie-wearing date it would be!)  It was one of those situations where you recommend something to someone SO highly, and then get embarrassed yourself when every little thing goes wrong. I loved this place- and sadly, think it's lost me for good.	 1
Managed to snag a reservation for 4 on a Friday night the week of. Showed up at 6:30PM and we were seated immediately.   Started off with the salad which was excellent. Requested only half the dressing be poured in and that was plenty. My friend mentioned that last time they poured all the dressing in and it was too much.  I ordered the house of prime rib cut medium rare. The piece was thick, juicy and plenty of meat. Healthy amount of cream spinach and mashed potatoes also. I think this was the perfect amount of food because as I was finishing it, all the au jus sauce was gone and the food was starting to get cold since there was so much. We paired the prime rib with the malbec, which made the meat taste slightly sweeter.   The seconds was substantially thinner, probably 1/5 of the size. Same amount of mashed potatoes and cream spinach though.   Make sure to get half / half. It is the full amount of cream spinach and a side of corn. The name seems to imply you get less cream spinach, but that is definitely not the case. The corn is sweet and my whole group loved it. I also really liked the cream spinach. soft and not too creamy.   HOPR has the thickest piece of prime rib I've ever had and this is truly how prime rib is meant to be enjoyed. Can't believe I've waited all this time to try this place	 0
We came here on a bet. My husband won a bet and chose to come here. I had never been here nor heard of this place. And to be honest, not a huge fan of prime rib anyways....  So with that said, what a fabulous experience. The service here is impeccable. Pleasant, friendly, prompt, and professional. Upon waiting to be seated, we sat in the bar/waiting area. Had plenty of severs check on us and inquire on a drink service. That was nice.   Once we were seated, we received prompt service. She was kind, knowledgeable about the meats, and very professional. We received complimentary bread and corn bread. Drinks came out fast, and came with a shaker to continue to top of your cocktails.   The meat was prepared the way we preferred and cut right aside our table. You have a few choices of prime rib selection, it comes with several sides. This place offers PLENTY food. No one leaves here hungry.   On top of that, the desert selection I chose was amazing. Damn! So yeah, in the mood for the best choice of meat from the cow. This is the spot. This place is spendy, but if you value perfection, you should expect to pay for it.	 0
HOPR is hands down my favorite place to go for a fancy or celebratory dinner. The quality of their prime rib is top notch and has remained as delicious as it was 15 years ago when I first tried it. Because of this, it's always packed, regardless of whether you go right when they open or just before closing, so you definitely want to make a reservation at least a couple weeks in advance if you want to eat at regular dinner hours!  I always get the house of prime rib cut (medium rare, of course), which is the second largest portion and super filling - any normal person would probably have some leftovers to take home, but I refuse to be defeated by my food LOL. The meat is incredibly tender and flavorful, and it really soaks up the additional au jus drizzled over it. My mom took home leftovers from her medium cut, and when we reheated it the next day it was still just as good.   With every plate, you also get cornbread, Yorkshire pudding, their house salad, your choice of creamed spinach or corn, and your choice of a baked potato or mashed potatoes, as well as a loaf of bread for the table. Normally I avoid veggies as much as possible, but their house salad is so fresh that I finished my entire plate without a single complaint. I believe the creamed corn is a relatively new addition (last time I came was a few years ago) but I've always loved the spinach, which even has small bits of ham/bacon mixed in. The mashed potatoes are delicious, though you definitely get your money's worth with the baked potato, which is loaded with sour cream, bacon, and chives. The baked potato is another dish you can reheat the next day and it'll still taste amazing. The carbohydrate sides aren't anything special but nothing to complain about there either.  Service is impeccable here, and it feels like they're putting on a show, with the way they artfully spin the salad, or how the chef brings around his cart to cut your prime rib on the spot. Our server was also very knowledgeable about the extensive wine list and recommended a nice merlot for us within our price range. Parking in this area is not easy, but it is easily accessible by bus, or there is valet parking for $10. Highly recommend for special occasions!	 0
Kinda sad..   they don't offer an extra slice when you finish the King Henry no more..?!?	 1
I tried to make a reservation for 2 on a Wednesday night but they were full. We decided to show up at 5-5:30 to put our name down. I believe there are a decent amount of no-shows on the weekday so it's not too risky to walk in.  As for food, I believe this is actually a really good deal! It's about $50 for the entire meal (no including drinks) and for a meal of this caliber I think that's awesome. The prime rib is definitely the best I have ever had. I've been to Lawry's and I firmly believe this is better. The salad was awesome. The cream of spinach was awesome. And even the bread was awesome. I honestly have had better yorkshire pudding but that may be just a style preference so it could be a subjective thing.   I think it's really really cool that they offer you a little extra prime rib at the end just cuz. It made me feel very manly! The service is great and the whole experience is just incredible! Go here if you haven't been here! It's worth it!!!	 0
I drove all the way from SoCal to pay my dues to House of Prime Rib. Two and a half hour wait? Sounds good to me since I couldn't make my reservation a month in advance. I've been so thrilled to finally dine at this steakhouse-landmark; I've heard nothing but great things about HoPR from my friends in the Bay Area.  Upon walking in, I really appreciated the classic, old-school feel of the restaurant. The environment was lively and quite loud. Unfortunately, my dining experience here was not as satisfying as I imagined it to be. First off, there was a piece of an hard object in our salad. One of my guests actually injured her tooth. One of the managers and chefs promptly acknowledged the foreign object and eagerly took the plate away. Secondly, they almost billed us incorrectly when we were served a different wine from what we ordered. I let that one slide because the waiter must have misheard since it was loud. Whatever, mistakes happen.   The actual House of Prime Rib Cut was decent and I was fortunate to get the bone-in. Sadly, the meat wasn't cooked properly to my liking since it was overcooked, dry, and lacked au jus. The guests at the next table were even complaining about how overcooked their prime rib was! The sides were mediocre which included mashed potatoes, Yorkshire pudding, and creamed corn (FYI, the creamed corn is not listed on the menu). The mashed potatoes was the best tasting out of the trifecta.   I must commend the great service solely for our actual waiter who took care of us throughout the dining experience. Poor guy had to apologize repeatedly on behalf of the management. The communication from the owner's son, one of the managers, was disgustingly horrible. He was extremely condescending, accusing the host that he "must do this often" and implied that he planted the piece of rock to take advantage. Extremely unprofessional...the manager even rudely and repeatedly exclaimed for us to get out if we want to leave and not pay the bill. Don't worry Mr. Howie Mendel, we can easily cover the bill but its the whole aspect of customer service from you that was lacking. I've been to a fair share of steakhouses and I've never received such unpleasant service in my life...	 1
Best prime rib place I've been to. I've had the opportunity to dine here a few times with family and friends and each occasion is always a solid one, in terms of food, service, and quality. The entire experience hasn't changed much over the years and shows their ability to deliver consistently.   And somehow, everything is good here! The salad, creamed spinach, corn, baked potato, of course the prime rib, and even down to the sourdough is delicious. The baked potato is huge and loaded with all the fixings, my favorite! You can also order half spinach/corn if you're indecisive like I am and can't pick one side. The prime rib portions are hefty and a lot of meat for one meal. I haven't been successful with getting that second slice in awhile though I make it my mission to do so again one day. This place has thousands of reviews with a 4 star rating, do you need any more persuading?  Tips: make reservations, come hungry (I dare you to finish that second slice), enjoy a nice meal, and try not to get full off the bread (it seems to be my struggle every time I come)	 0
Amazing restaurant that has just gotten better over the years.  The. Prime rib is fabulously tender and the service is impeccable! I dined at the bar and my server was the bartender Frank.  He was great the best service ever.  I ordered the King Henry cut which was $59.95 and worth every penny since it just melt in your mouth and coupled with the house extra spicy horseradish was delicious.  The sides of creamed spinach and creamed corn and the backed potato were amazing too.    I do not recommend coming on the weekend as the wait is 2 hours at least.  Also tip generously however not too much since they will not remember you the next time	 0
I've had prime rib far and wide. The good, the bad, and the ugly. After coming here, I say hands down, the best prime rib I've had the world over.   I've been a resident of the Bay Area my entire life, and have been to SF more times than I can count, but I've never visited this establishment. It's a staple of the the Bay Area, and dozens have told me to try it, so we were in SF, and said screw it, lets go for it. Called in advanced, and they were fully booked. Normally the weak of heart would give up right there and then, but not us. We decided to just walk in and see what happened. They told us the wait would be an hour, or we could eat at the bar if we wanted to. We thought about it for a few minutes and just decided to eat at the bar.   First the drink. Oh, the drink. The cocktails are priced at a point where you would expect restaurant cocktails would be. However, they give you the shaker full of more drink on top of your drink! So in reality you're getting almost three drinks fro the price of 1! I paid $9.5 for three Manhattan's and the taste was superb!   I ordered the King Henry VIII cut of prime rib. It was amazing! For $46 bucks it's a steal right out of the Queen's bedroom. Not only that you get a huge amazing salad! Great bread! Mashed potatoes or baked potato. Creamed spinach which was superb and a Yorkshire pudding with three different sauces. It was a steal!   The atmosphere is great, service top notch, and the food is amazing. Easily the best experience of the year. It still doesn't top Alexander's, but it came close in my book. Loved this place and will easily come again!	 0
This is definitely worth the wait. We waited 3 hours to put our name down for a spot as we weren't able to make a reservation.   The service was awesome once we were sat as they serve everything including mix the salad, cut the roast in front of you.   Also, if you order from the non ala carte menu, you can get seconds (if you can eat that much). I absolutely loved the cream corn as a side, the salad was so so.  The cut of the meat is juicy and flavourful, and the ambience is romantic and cozy, in a 1970s kind of rustic classy way	 0
This is easily my absolute favorite bar in San Francisco. Why? Because it has a killer ambiance (chic and cozy library vibes with brick walls and a projector projecting old films on the wall), friendly bartenders/baristas, unique cocktails focusing on wine or beer, and best of all - doubles as both a study spot during the day and a bar at night.   During the day, it is brightly lit and a great spot to come and get some work done (they have free WiFi), while sipping on carefully brewed Four Barrel coffee. As the evening rolls around, the lights get dimmer, and the loungey/R&B music starts to play, converting the space into a happening spot for friends to convene or for great dates to happen :).   I love their unique spin on cocktails that are categorized as either winetails, beertails, or soju cocktails (karatetails). From their winetails, I recommend the Little Apple - delicious taste! For beertails, the Chocolate Factory is decadent. For a karatetail, order The Crane! It's refreshing and definitely gingery, from their house-made ginger syrup :). I have yet to order from their wine list, but will do so soon!  Go go go here, daytime or nighttime!	 0
Oh my goodness gracious. I am in LOVE with this place. I don't know why, but I think it's because it's just the perfect mix for everything I love about going out.  Think your average coffeehouse that you go to lounge in, catch up with a friend or go do some work... But instead of just espresso and small bites, they offer wine and beer and some tasty happy hour bites (tacos, sandwiches, cheese charcuterie plates). Inspiring! And to add to that? They've got an awesome lounge-like space full with blue cushion seating along the walls, music playing, a movie projecting onto a brick wall, awesome local board art hung up and a library of what looks like to be vinyl records on top. DIG IT!  The vibe, the ambiance, the clientele... It's amazing. I came here to stop for a bite and a drink with my brother before seeing a show at the Fillmore earlier this week and enjoyed my time here. The place typically attracts a younger, trendy SF millennial crowd (albeit I was the baby in there), but I love it.  I ordered the SANFRANGIA: a beautiful red wine concoction with fresh seasonal fruit swimming and bathing around. Went down like summer in my body. Can't go wrong! (I miss my heavy beer, but when you're trying to go dry, this lightens the load! And lightens you up well!) $5 for happy hour from 5-7pm. (Their 3 small tacos for happy hour were just okay, according to my brother, but they were affordable anyhow!)  Order to the barista-bartender, who also delivers your food to you, and enjoy the night! If only I were a local, I'd love to drop by again!	 0
Originally wanted to come here to study with my friend but ended up just getting an evening drink LOL. The place has a great vibe: books line the shelves, the brick wall on one side gives it a sort of old rustic feel, and the music is on point (a lot of 90s pop, hip hop, and r&b, as well as some less annoying modern tunes). It's a nice spot to grab a drink and chill with friends, but definitely better suited for groups of 2 or 4 based on how the seating is arranged.   My friend and I ordered the Chocolate Factory and Buzzkill, both of which include Guinness stouts. I really liked the first drink, especially when I saw the bartender grab a pound of Trader Joe's chocolate and grate the chocolate straight on top of the drink. It wasn't too sweet and the stout added a smooth flavor that wasn't overpowering. With the Buzzkill, I instantly smelled the bitter espresso but the Guinness definitely balanced out that flavor to be quite enjoyable. Both drinks were $9 each, and the Buzzkill actually came in a tall glass so we got our money's worth - however you probably won't get turnt off of this LOL.  The storefront is pretty plain and inside isn't very spacious, but hopefully it'll stay lowkey and not get too popular because I don't want it to get crowded lmao. Prices are reasonable for drinks but I have yet to try the food :( With happy hour every weekday, you can bet I'll be back soon!	 0
It's funny because one of the reviewers right before me said that she didn't want to post a Yelp review in fear that an all-star review was going to make The Social Study even more popular and draw big crowds, which would ultimately take away from the specialness of this place. My sentiments exactly! Ugh it pains me to write this but at the same time I love this bar and it deserves a billion five star reviews. Darn.   My husband and I had our date night nearby at the Sundance Kabuki theater nearby (we saw Sausage Party which was hilaaarious, in case you were wondering). We walked for around a bit and he suggested we grab a couple of drinks at Social Study before heading home. He had been there once before with some of his friends and raved about it, so sure, why not.   We walked in and I was ready to write a review based on the ambiance. Hello, brick wall! I have a thing for brick walls (they remind me of home) so plus 20 stars right there obviously. But in all seriousness, the ambiance is dope. Awesome music (lot of 90s hip hop and R&B- which will win me over every time), nice looking young crowd, movie projected a movie on the brick wall...ready to drink all the drinks now please!  .....and that's exactly what we did. What was supposed to just be a drink or two turned into three or four...or was it five? Don't you love those type of nights?! Well we haven't had one of those since we moved from New York so I would like to think that this alone is very telling of Social Study's vibe. We just enjoyed the atmosphere so much that the cabernet sauvs basically poured themselves and made their way over to our cozy little table (which is a quirky little set up by the way). The barentder was cool and I hate myself for not remembering his name but we basically closed the bar out with him.   I definitely want to come back soon and try out the food and other drinks. It's a great place for a date night or a group of friends.........err but don't all at once go the same night I'm there please!! ;)	 0
Great place! Cheap good alcohol & nice atmosphere & music. Highly recommend! Would come back! Loved the books!	 0
This place fucking rules. We chose to stop here for a smaller bite and drink before heading to the Masonic for Sleater-Kinney's NYE show, and I'm so glad we did.  First of all, it's gorgeous--set up to look very much like your grandpa's awesome library with a brick wall on the left side. The seating is very intimate and lends itself incredibly well to a fun date night. The bartenders couldn't have been more friendly and we were easily able to place drink and food orders at the bar without being crowded out. We had sangria to drink and tried the vegetarian potato mini tacos, BBQ pork sliders, and milk & cookies. Everything was totally delicious and priced very fairly. The cookies are fresh-baked to order...'nuff said. Also, they were showing Fantasia on the wall via projector.   Will definitely be coming back here for future shows at the Masonic or the Fillmore!	 0
This bar is awesome. I come here all the time after work to grab a glass of wine and wrap up my work day (send emails etc). But it's also a great spot to bring your friends for a couple of drinks and a bite to eat. There's something about the music selection that actually makes it really easy to get work done here and also inviting and upbeat if u do choose to be social. (Marvin Gaye, Frank ocean, Jimi, can't go wrong!) Drink wise - I almost always get a Malbec or red wine - the bartenders are always really helpful if I do want to explore and try a little taste before investing in an entire glass, which is really great especially because it can be very busy at times. If you're getting food I absolutely recommend the pork sliders or cheese plate. Super satisfying. Overall amazing place. Glad this is close to where I live. Will always continue to come back here. Keep up the wonderful vibes :)	 0
Xoxo to Social Study!  Dimly lit spot that is hidden from main view and I love the charm that this mini bar with seating exudes.  They serve up swanky cocktail drinks, wine and beer.  The sidekick was well named because it came with a beer and a side of sake shot.  Surely, a complementary sidekick.  Interesting part about this place is that one can bring their workload or if you're a bookworm and thirsty while at it, it can be brought here to commit to.  Getting your drink on to release the anxiety or release for relaxation, is the best form of therapy - especially while trying to tone down the workload or up the imagination in a book.   Cheers to some socializing and to some studying!	 0
My favorite Indian place in SF. It's rarely packed to the brim, and the staff is very attentive. My go-to is the pakoras, garlic naan, and tandoori chicken, which comes out sizzling and very tender.  I've had curries and paneer dishes at Aslam's before, too, and it's all very good. Prices are what you'd expect for SF, around $14-18/entree. They adjust their spice levels appropriately (so mild is *very* mild and spicy is actually spicy), which is pretty great when you're going with a diverse group.	 0
I ate everything before I thought to take pictures.   Fish pakoras were outstanding. Chickpea Flavor came through in the batter and the coriander chutney was some of the best I've tasted.   I had roti and lamb curry (rogan Josh) as a main course. Silky sauce, appropriately tangy, and well braised lamb. Lamb was a bit chewy but flavorful and not at all gamy. Couldn't really taste the saffron except as an aftertaste.   The roti/chapati was perfect. I like the crispier version. I didn't bother with rice. I just scooped up sauce with my chapati.   I'm very satisfied with the meal and price.	 0
When you clean the plate.. it means 5 stars! Food is flavorful and well presented, service is welcoming and highly attentive with atmosphere which is above average. I like the roominess of the dining area unlike many eateries in SF where you are typically seated just inches from your dining neighbor and that can feel intrusive. Here there is allot of room to relax, enjoy and unwind from your day. There was a large table of about 12 nearby celebrating a birthday, lots of laughter and fun waiter interaction to their delight. I've been here before and always look forward to next time. Oh my..  Lamb biriani Cauliflower in cream sauce Garlic naan -WOW to perfection Chicken tandoori KingFisher beer Hot chai	 0
So excited to have found this place on Yelp! I love Indian food, and always excited to try it in places I visit. The staff here were warm and welcoming, which is always a good start! They offered any table, and we chose a seat by the window (which proved to be a great spot for people watching!) For food we ordered the assorted appetizers, which included pakoras, samosas and papadam. The first two tasted great, and the papadams were ok (they tasted fine, but there was a very small amount of them, and also - I'm spoiled, because growing up elsewhere, Indian restaurants always provided these complimentary, and no-where in the US has been able to live up to these, yet!) For entrees we had chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo. Both were customized to our taste preferences, and we ordered sides of pulao rice and naan bread. There was plenty of food, and plenty of flavor. The chicken tikka masala was a little less tomato-y than I'm used to, but it was very creamy which was good. Overall was a really tasty meal, and I loved the tall glasses they use to serve their drinks!	 0
Very good food everything tasted wonderful. Crispy Taj Mahal beer with spicy dishes  Food was clean, not greasy, definitely in my top 5 Indian/Pakistanian spots in the city.	 0
Absolutely delicious prawn coconut curry. The pooris are fluffy and yummy as well.	 0
This place has the best Indian food in San Francisco or the Bay Area, at least in my experience. All my roommates are Indian so I tend to eat a lot of the food and this place is definitely my favorite. I actually found them by eating at another Indian restaurant right down the street which I literally ordered all the vegetarian options just to find something I liked and left pretty unsatisfied. They also didn't have naan. So as I was leaving I walked right past this place and quickly realized I chose the wrong one. So for me personally, this place reigns supreme. Also the layout and atmosphere of the restaurant are great as well. The mutter paneer and veggie tikka masala are amazing. The naan is very fluffy and great as well.	 0
Biryani mein na spices tha na Biryani tikha tha aur chawal bhi acchse se nahi paka tha went for the 1st time and hope to be the last one	 1
This place has gone down hill.   The lamb chops I loved so much suck now....and they are $27.00. My fault for not double checking 1/5 stars  He palak paneer was really good. 4/5 stars  The lamb korma was really good too. 3.5/5 stars   Don't get the lamb chops!	 1
Awesome samosas, garlic and basil nan, prawns vindaloo.. good service.. tea is good as well..	 0
Hands down the best Indian food in San Francisco. Staff is always super friendly and food is fast and flavorful. Definitely recommend the chicken tikka masala.	 0
This is high quality Indian food. I've been to places like Kati and Curry Up Now, and they seem like American parodies of Indian food -- chicken tikka masala smothered in sauce. The dishes at Aslam's rasoi are genuine and fresh. And I didn't feel gross leaving the place.  Recommendations: chicken tikka, navratan korma.	 0
I may not be Pakistani, but I have go to say that this is hands down the best Pakistani food in the country...  I grew up eating Indian food in NYC, plenty of it in LA as well, but Aslam's??  It's so good, after I left SF, I have made excuses to fly back up to SF just to eat here...  Their mango lassi is out of this world amazing...  Okra is always cooked right and quality is superb...  The tikka masala sauce is truly one of a kind and absolutely delicious...  Did I mention that I want to take a bath in the mango lassi??    They are usually packed, yes...  Lots of people, constantly, especially around dinner time, yes...  But the family that owns the restaurant??  Some of the most kindest, hardest working people you will ever meet...  All of them, from the hard working father who puts in his blood sweat and tears every day, to his three sons who do everything from cook, take your order, greet you at the door...    Never had a bad experience here...  Well, except the one time I got spicy "like our level of spicy?" is what they asked...  Was not pretty when I got home or in the morning, lemme tell you...  Do NOT get spicy level not on the menu...	 0
Tandoori Chicken: Juicy, absolutely cooked perfectly. The flavor was well balanced, with a lemon on the side to adjust to one's favor palette.    Machchi Masala: This dish changes depending on the fish of the day, but everytime i have had it, the fish has always been cooked perfectly. It was not  under cooked, it wasn't super hard when you over cook it either. It was always cooked to a perfect texture. Flaky and delicious.	 0
Nabe has and will always hold a special place in my heart - whenever I want a meal that won't ever disappoint, Nabe never fails me.   Service 5/5: The service at Nabe is always great, the waitresses are attentive and quick. They're really nice people with a common goal to make your meal an enjoyable experience.  Food 5/5: The food here never disappoints me, make sure you try the different options here. The duck shabu is a new one for me, I really enjoyed that one. I personally took out the duck meat before the soup cooked it entirely or else it would kill the flavor. My SO enjoys the Sukiyaki set, which offers a sweeter broth. The porridge at the end nicely complements the overall meal :-)  5/5 Come here for your next shabu meal, you won't regret it!	 0
Things to do in/near Golden Gate Park: EAT AT NABE (after exploring the park, of course).  My boyfriend and I went to Golden Gate Park in the early afternoon to visit the De Young Museum and Japanese Tea Garden. We spent ~4 hours there...so we were pretty exhausted and hungry. I wanted to try Nabe since my friend recommended it, so we came right when the restaurant opened. We were seated immediately - because we came on a Wednesday at 5p - and the restaurant was almost half-full by the time we left at 6p.   The interior of the restaurant is very modern yet cozy. The lights are a little dim, but I guess that makes the setting more calm and romantic. There's also 1 stove for every 2 people - so you can choose to share (max 2 people per pot), or if you don't share, they will split the pot in half.  For starters, we ordered PORK SAUSAGE which came with mustard aioli. The sauce just tasted like Japanese mayo to me, but we both really liked the sausage. The dish came with 4 decently sized sausages, and they were very juicy and flavorful. I also really liked the texture of the outside skin since it had a slight crispiness to contrast the juicy meat.  We shared a LARGE SUKIYAKI pot. It came with a nice assortment of veggies, 1 egg (we ordered another egg add-on so each of us would get one), some kind of vermicelli, 1 bowl of rice (we ordered another as add-on), sweet broth, and beef. The overall experience was very fun - we got to watch the soup heat to a boil, crack our egg inside, and add the pieces of beef.  Then we got to ladle food from the pot into our bowl to eat with rice. Everything tasted fresh and the beef was good quality. My boyfriend thought the broth was too sweet for his liking, but it was fine for me (with a sweet tooth).  At the end, the server made a porridge by combining rice, egg, and green onion with our leftover broth. Since I ate a lot of broth earlier, I thought the porridge pretty much tasted the same as my main meal - but the nori topping gave my taste buds something salty to contrast with everything I ate thus far.    In conclusion, we left with very very full and satisfied bellies. The service was excellent too. And a funny thing we noticed was that the windows get really really foggy because the restaurant turns into a sauna compared to the cold outdoors. I'm definitely bringing my friends and family here again!	 0
Terrific food at every turn.   Soy edamame were savory and topped with copious amounts of garlic. I ended up spooning some of it into the broth. Spicy miso broth was robust and just the right spice for me (3/5).   Veggie assortment was on par with other places but a surprise squash added unexpected pizzaz.  End of meal porridge was actually just as good as the meal itself and I was scrapping the pot for every last drizzle.   Impeccable service for such an affordable spot. Will be returning again and again.	 0
Came here on a weekday with two friends. We waited roughly 10-15 mins for a table to open up and the staff was kind.   We ordered a large shabu shabu and the Kinoko Nabe split. It came with side of beef, veggies, spinach, and tofu. We also ordered a side of pork belly as well.   Overall, service and food was good. For SF price ranges, it's pretty typical but for three people with 3 different sets our bill came out to $100 after tip. For the price, I didn't think the food was worth it. There are other AYCE hot pot places and even KBBQ places that are from the 24.99-29.99 price range, and thats AYCE!  The rice porridge at the end of the meal was nice, but I don't think I would come back. There are other places I rather go out on a nice dinner than here. You get full from eating the carbs (rice, noodles, udon) rather than the meat and veggies. There are better hot pot places for a better value else where.	 1
My boyfriend and I don't roam around a lot in the City and I realized that I will be visiting SF more often I decided to check on yelp some hot pot locations near his area. Nabe popped up on my feed after a few searches... I'll say this.......... this is by far the best restaurant for hot pot I have ever been to. It is very typical for me to say this but it is seriously so good! If i could i would honor 15 stars! The staff is friendly, the food is great, quick and fresh! I would stay here and write a long review but i would be coming back often that I know there will be 100 great things to say about Nabe! Wagyu beef is my favorite! I will be back! I am a returning customer and I recommend others to come and try NABE!	 0
Modern decor, excellent combo of meats and broths, excellent service.  So hard to find parking in this neighborhood!! But once we made it to the restaurant, we were rewarded with a great shabu dinner!!  There are so many choices: wagyu beef, kurobota pork, seafood, duck... a wide selection of side items.  This place does not offer tonkotsu broth, but a dashi broth, milder, cleaner tasting broth. The meat quality is outstanding!  The 2 desserts that we had were so good I am tempted to come back just for the desserts alone. The matcha cheesecake was great, but the Mochi dessert was simply outstanding!!	 0
Hot pot is one of my favorites to eat whether it's hot or cold! This is definitely different from shabu or hot pot. The pot comes with the broth you choose and all the ingredients inside except for the meat. The meat comes out on a plate so you can cook it at your own pace. My friend got the kimchi pot and wow that flavor was spicy bit so tasty! I kind of regretted not getting it! I ended up with mushroom pot and added a side of beef. It was a simple broth that wasn't bland but had a good umami flavor to it. I really enjoyed this style of Japanese hot pot.   At the end they make zosu with one of the broths at the end which was really good! We chose the kimchi pot, It was flavorful and the rice had a slight crunch to it. Definitely a place to come back again! The only thing I don't like about this place is the parking situation, it gets insane on weekends! But thankfully this place also takes reservations so you don't need to wait of you are able to secure one!  Total for 2: $50	 0
With the mostly unpredictable (and mostly chilly) weather, I'm always in the mood for soups and broths. The obvious answer is hot pot! Which in this case, is shabu shabu. Not that I'm an expert in the difference, but I think it's the sauces and portions of the two that differ.  In this case, the boyfriend and I ordered a regular Sukiyaki and a regular shabu shabu. ($20 each). It came with two sauces: a soy sauce/ponzu flavored one and a sesame one. Both were great but the ponzu one could be stronger. Good portions surprisingly. We thought it wouldn't be enough, but ended up being very full! The veggies were mostly identical in both sets. The beef was good as well.  Absolutely loved the end of the meal! This part is dinner only: If you ordered the sets, the server will make a rice soup with the rest of your broth. The broth is heated, then a bowl of Zosui rice is added. Stirred for a few mins, then a raw egg is cracked in the mixture. Stir some more, add green onions, and it's finished. Topped with seaweed! It's so freakin' good. I would have bowls of this just by itself. This isn't offered for lunch, so if you're curious, definitely come for dinner!  Shout-out to the service. Came by at 8:45 PM on a Sunday night and the place was packed. Two (or three) servers took care of the whole restaurant and were really friendly/attentive. We never felt rushed (they close at 10 PM) or neglected.  Space is limited so make a reservation just in case. Est. $50 for two people.	 0
What a great way to celebrate my birthday! Dinner at Nabe in Inner Sunset exceeded our expectations! This is the best experience we have had at a restaurant since arriving in California. The venue: Conveniently located in busy 9th avenue. Adequate seating, although it can get pretty busy so you might want to call ahead to reserve a table. Incredibly simple and sophisticated decor, with a Japanese feel to it. The various bottles of sake in wooden cases is an interesting addition. The food: Delicious, great quantity and quality. Tasty broth, various options to please meat and meat-free patrons alike. Dessert was an absolute win and the zosui/ rice soup which we received at the end of our meal just tied it all together for me. Service: Absolutely great! Staff is methodical, friendly and competent. Especially our male waiter. He was sweet and attentive without over-crowding. Our male waiter (we had more than one) prepared the zosui right at our table after our hot pot meal and we were truly enchanted whilst watching him work his magic as if he was creating art in a bowl.  It felt somewhat theatrical and we lived it! Definitely going back as soon as possible!	 0
Best crab salad around. Incredibly fresh (crab, oysters, shrimps).  Great combo salad (crab and shrimp).  They don't skimp on shell fish portions. Ask for fresh horseradish in cocktail sauce.  Be sure to order clam chowder too.  Expect to wait in long lines for to-go orders, and even longer if you want to get a table.	 0
Man, they just really know seafood here. And the variety is just astounding. Came on a random Tuesday, about 30 minutes before opening, and there was already a line. Thankfully, I was able to make it inside for the first wave. There's only a row of seats at the counter, which made it a little cramped, but it's all worth it for the product, and that product is delicious seafood.  Ordered a bunch of stuff including the crab back, a small sashimi, and the crab salad. The crab back was really interesting, because I initially assumed that it would be served hot, but was actually served cold. However, if you dip a bunch of bread into that stuff, there's not much better than that salty, rich, and slightly fishy taste. Not to mention, it's pretty cheap at $6. The crab salad was really great, despite consisting mostly of a pile of iceberg lettuce. However, the dressing it came with was delicious, and they really do load up the crab in the salad. The sashimi included hamachi, salmon, and tuna, which all were great with the olive oil and capers.   I really enjoyed the old-school vibe here. No website, no frills, just good, clean flavors. The people behind the counter are very knowledgeable and patient. The value is pretty solid for fresh seafood, so while you may spend a lot (our bill was about $80 for lunch), you know you're getting some of the best stuff around.  Will be back for sure for their other dishes, just gotta find a time when I have enough free time to get there early enough. The quality speaks for itself, and while you might be a bit miffed at the wait, it'll all melt away once you get your hands on that seafood.	 0
When in SF, you must eat here.  Period.  Do not question me.  Just thank me.  Freshest seafood there is, friendliest service ever.  Be prepared to wait, but it's worth it.  Order everything, bring cash, lots of it!	 0
Not often you get to try a 100 year old establishment, especially one that was featured by Anthony Bourdain...  I had the combination salad, cherry clams, mix oysters, clam chowder, and off the menu sashimi platter...  Honestly this place is overhyped... the food is good, but not amazing...the combination salad had big and small shrimp with no crab but substitute smoked salmon since they didn't have crabs that day with a thousand island dressing... the mix oysters are your basic fresh oysters... the clam chowder was more on the soupy side, with lots of clams juice...the sashimi was probably my least favorite... it looks amazing on picture, but is overdressed with olive oil... the sashimi grade fish is nowhere near your sushi restaurant quality...  Mehhh something to try once, but not worth a second try	 1
That's it. I have to keep him. The old man likes to see me squirm and get antsy when he won't tell me where he's taking me. May be a plan to take me somewhere and hope I can't find my way back?   So when we strolled up to this iconic establishment, I pretty much died and thought this place must be the gate to heaven.  At 10:30 am there was already a long, long line halfway down the block. I didn't care. I was so giddy about finally getting to try this place. Old man had already did his homework and knew we'd be in line for a good 2 hours! So, he took off down the street to get us some breakfast to eat while waiting. Turns out this is the thing to do. Met a nice lady in line, from Texas. It was her 2nd time there, and her husband was off getting their breakfast too.   And yes, we waited a full 2 hours to get two stools at the counter that seats about 12 to 15. It really didn't feel like 2 hours because coffee. And also meeting a nice couple we were able to chat with. I certainly picked her brain about what they enjoyed on their last visit. She loved their salad. And the crab fat. As you get closer to the pearly gates, you can fawn over all of the beautiful fresh seafood displayed in the front window., and watch the men behind the counter making up dishes. This also helped me in making my decision on what to order.   Was really hoping to try the crab fat, but I had overheard that they were out. I ended up getting the Crab Louie salad with dressing and cocktail sauce on the side. TONS of crab meat on this salad. So, I pretty much had a salad and crab cocktail in one dish. I also got a half dozen oysters, that were so fresh and delicious. The oysters come with two sauces, a mignonette and spicy Thai sauce. Both were excellent. I was in heaven alright!   I definitely want to come back after November 5th, so I can enjoy some of that crab fat! And, I want to try the Sicilian sushi. I watched these guys preparing several plates, and my wished I had more room in my belly. Oh, and the sourdough bread they serve, is the best sourdough I can ever remember trying.   Three things to remember: cash only! Don't be afraid of the wait, and you can always call in an order To-Go.  P.S. I love you so much, old man! Definitely a keeper.	 0
My mom had never been to Swan Oyster Depot and we were out for a late lunch last week so I figured we would brave the line. Guess what? After waiting 15 min, we were inside and welp, nothing has changed. I mean that in the best possible way as the history just shines through, you can feel it! I love this place more than any other institution in SF as it has such turn of the century charm.  We ordered a few sharable items and probably my favorite complete order to date.   - The off menu Sicilian sashimi: all the fresh catches of the day with olive oil, lemon, capers and diced red onions. Order like a pro and get this everytime!  - The dungeness crab cocktail: a ton of claw meat piled as high as you can imagine. Pro tip: ask for the cocktail sauce on the side and mix in some of their housemade horseradish. It's much better that way.  - The little neck clams: the best ones I've had in SF in the past 10 years. Normally they are ok but, especially good on this visit.   All in all, the beer was cold, the company great and the sourdough was nicely burnt (which I love!). Another amazing experience with friendly staff who now remembers me by name. Just, the best.	 0
Knowing the hype surrounding this place, my group of six arrived on an early Saturday morning at 10am to a long line of customers, and after just over an hour, we were seated at the end of the bar! Even though the seating arrangement is very cramped, the food and the service here were unbelievable, and the experience was totally worth the wait!  Let's start with the service--all of the servers here were so genuinely kind and helpful when we made our selections. They were extremely attentive and made sure we always had everything we needed--starting, of course, with plenty of bread and butter. And then there's the food. Our group started with a dozen oysters (coming from Washington, British Columbia, and California)--on the side were the typical lemon and horseradish, but also a delicious spicy Thai chili sauce that was so hot and unique. These were literally the best oysters I've had in my life--they were so fresh and complex in flavor (not just salty brine).  And then came my favorite dish of all: the smoked salmon, which was served over slices of bread and topped with capers and onions. The smoked salmon was savory, smokey, and, by far, the creamiest smoked salmon I've had in my life--this dish was literally to die for! We also had the combination Louie salad, which included plenty of cooked seafood like crab and shrimp over a bed of simple lettuce and a creamy dressing. While the seafood was good, I didn't find this dish wasn't all that flavorful or special. We also had the calamari salad, which was a small dish of cooked calamari along with simple onions and garnish, but this also wasn't all that memorable.  We ended with an order of the large Sicilian sashimi platter, which came with raw slices of salmon, scallops, ahi tuna, yellowtail, among some other fish I can't remember--everything was dressed in plenty of olive oil and topped with capers and onions. This dish had plenty of great flavorful (and again, the seafood was so fresh!), and the remaining olive oil on the plate was perfect for dipping with the bread!	 0
Once again, this placed lived up to my expectations.  Great staff all around. Fun and easy going group of men.  We were one of the first ones there on a Friday morning, stood in line little before they opened and made the first cut!  Clam Chowder was phenomenal.  One of the best I've had. Crab back -  Buttery goodness. I'm used to having this warm and eaten right after the crab is steamed, but this crab back was cold.  Took some time to get used too, but still good! Smoked Salmon - Excellent. Oysters & clams - Awesome.  Can't believe it's been 3 years since I've been back, but I'm glad I did :)  Cash only.	 0
Review #400! Must try spot!  This little gem in the city is amazing and worth the wait in the cold. Anytime you find a place with a line, you must try it right? Especially if the spot has been around since 1912! I was referred to this spot by a fellow Yeep and I'm so happy that I came here. This place is legit. I love how they do things old school and that they provide excellent service to everyone. They only have counter seating but it provides for an intimate setting. You'll notice that they collect currency from all over the world and I noticed they didn't have any Baht from Thailand. Luckily I had some in my wallet so I gave it to them to add to their collection.   Being that this was my first time here, I had to order as much as I could. My eyes couldn't be bigger than my stomach. At least, that was what I was hoping for. We ordered the a dozen Clams, 1/2 dozen Oysters, a Combination Seafood Cocktail, Crab Fat with Sourdough Bread, Boston Clam Chowder and of course wine! Too bad they didn't have Uni that day! Everything was so fresh and mouth watering good. Their house hot sauce goes perfectly with the clams and oysters. I can't wait to come back here again during my next trip. Keep in mind that they keep it old school so they accept cash only. I highly recommend this spot for locals and tourist alike.	 0
Honestly, if you love seafood, then this place is for you. If you don't like seafood, this place can convert you. They only serve the freshest and best quality of seafood selection everyday. It was no different today.   I had the following: 1) Clam Chowder 2) Sicilian Sashimi (Large Portion) 3) Crab Back 4) 1/2 Dozen Clams  Everyday dish was amazing! Most likely you haven't had seafood served like this before and the service from the people behind the counter just makes this place that much more charming.   Total: $46 (before tip)  Recommendation: Come early, like wait in line before they open, or you will definitely be waiting for awhile. Read other reviews. I came at 10:15am and was in by 10:45.	 0
Swan Oyster Depot is for people who appreciate fresh seafood in its pure form, opposed to deep fried and served along French fries. If it's local fresh seafood you're looking for, get in line, make sure you packed a snack, a bottle of water and a good attitude, and be ready to enjoy some of the finest ocean delights!  Things I have had during my visits here:  Clam chowder: The first couple times, it was so good, I ordered more. This last trip, it was off, and not as flavorful. I'm giving them a pass because it was only this one time, and maybe someone was just light on the salt when preparing it or something. But definitely get it. It's so tasty.   Crab salad: Basically just lumps and lumps of glorious crab on a bed of fresh lettuce. Like I said, this isn't where you come for gimmicks or fancy sauces. They aren't trying to hide the seafood. The crab is the star of the show, and they let it shine.   Seafood cocktail: If you love all seafood, and this is your first visit, I highly suggest getting this, because you get a little taste of everything. Crab, oyster, prawns, shrimp, and I think a mussel. Like a sampler platter of almost everything they have  Crab back/fat: I finally decided to try this the last time I went, and I honestly couldn't decide whether I really liked it or just kind of liked it. First, I thought it was served warm, but it's cold. I'm not a fan of cold soups, and this reminded me of soup. However, dipping the fabulous bread into it takes it to an interesting level that I really liked. But without bread, I wouldn't want to spoon that into my mouth like a soup. Maybe you aren't even supposed to. I don't know. But I would say this definitely is not a dish for the squeamish. I will say that I dipped the lumps of crab meat from my seafood cocktail into the crab fat, and THAT was genius, if I do say so myself!  Mussels: Fresh, perfect.  The service is cool there, the guys behind the counter are all really nice and upbeat. They remind me of east coast people, I don't know why... maybe it's their no non-sense ways. Watching them joke around with each other and hustle back there is fun to watch.  I don't need to encourage you to go to Swan Oyster Depot, the place speaks for itself!	 0
Came here in a Monday afternoon, for a group of 5 our wait was about 30-35 minuets. Not too bad because a couple of parties before us didn't show up. Our servicer was nice she got our orders in as soon as we were ready.  We ordered 2 buttermilk biscuits to start off our lunch. The butter was sweet and seems like it was house made.  I got the plow with pork sausage, and soft scrambled eggs. My plate turned out exactly what i thought it would. The lemon ricotta pancakes are supposed to be a huge hit here but I personally didn't favor them. The dense ricotta made it too heavy for me to finish both. But it seems to be exactly what a ricotta pancake should be.  I would definitely come back next time for brunch again!	 0
Plow is my go-to for a low stress, early morning breakfast spot. They offer simple brunch classics that are done perfectly. My personal favorite is the Plow, which is breakfast sampler of all things good in the breakfast world: lemon ricotta pancakes, potatoes, home made pork sausage (other meat options, but the sausage is my #1). My fiancé ordered a new one, the dungeness crab scrambled eggs, which was DOPE.  The inside interior is rustic romantic (you know that weathered wood, farmhouse feel). Service is great. I always feel like I am eating at home with my mom cooking me a great meal. It also has that neighborhood feel. One time I ate, a cop parked and just said hello and gave badge stickers to all the kids. There is ample street parking everywhere, so not an issue if you want to drive over.  I hear the line can get really long, but I am the crazy person that gets there around 7:30 am and is the first person in line. Around 7:45 people start lining up in masses. One thing to note if you want to be cray like me and be the first people seated, one time the biscuits weren't ready for us that early. Not really sure when they are typically done. But the biscuits there, also DOPE.	 0
On an early Sunday morning, we came here around 8:30am.  We were told that for a party of 2, it would be a little over an hour wait. And they were right! We got seated outside at 9:45am.  They have blankets if your cold!  What did we do to wait? Walk around! Plow is located in a quaint area with other small shops and cafes to walk by.  Get that walk in so you can fill that belly!  Here's what we had:  Five Mountains organic tea - $4.75 Rolled Jasmine Green It's tea. Warm. It was cold out so it was fitting. :)  BUTTERMILK BISCUIT - $4.50 This hunk of biscuit was served with a side of honey butter, that was sweet and yummy.  The biscuit itself is shareable and fluffy. I really enjoyed it!  BROWN BUTTER COCONUT MOCHI CAKE - $4.25 This dessert was delicious! Order quick before they run out!  would never expect a mochi cake here!  There's a layer in There that tasted quite custardy.  I recommend getting this even if your full; have it to go!    FRENCH TOAST - $13   Brown sugar caramelized apples, blood, mascarpone, pure Vermont maple syrup. Depending on the season, the fruit may change.  This French toast was amazing.  It was so creamy and you definitely taste quality in every bite. Get it!  THE PLOW - $17  Two eggs, house made pork sausage patties, lemon ricotta pancakes and plow potatoes. Not sure what to get? Get this one! It has everything!  The pork sausage patties was although not quite what I expected, was good.  It tasted healthier than your normal diner pork sausage patty--looks like there are veggies in the mix and it's not as salty.  I liked it!  The potatoes was probable the main reason why I got this.  It's all so crispy and yummy!  I can have a bowl of this in its own.  As for the lemon ricotta pancakes to fulfill that sweet side, it was great.  I liked the small portion and the flavors were subtle and wonderful.      I enjoyed everything here. I can see why it's so popular and I was not annoyed with the wait.  Our server was friendly.  It started to right as we were leaving so freat timing! Don't worry they have a thing they roll out to cover you from getting wet. :)	 0
Welp. It's still the greatest brunch in all the land.   If you read my previous review of Plow then you'll know how I feel about this place. Sure, the wait can be a bit long but, that's no reason to ding a five star rating. I mean, it's not Plow's fault that they are so damn great and popular. Grow up kids.   Anyway, I ordered "the plow" at plow because that's just what you do. I've tried the bacon, house made sausage and chicken links and I gotta say that the chicken links are my favorite. They have a sweetness that works well with those two lemon ricotta pancakes. Seriously, this is easily my favorite plate of breakfast food on the western seaboard and it's not to be missed.   Go early, be patient and hungry. You'll thank yourself.	 0
I can't believe it's taken me so long just to finally try Plow! I've definitely been missing out and will be back soon!   We put our name down around 12PM on a Saturday and got seated at the counter within an hour. Not too bad of a wait as I had heard others had to wait almost two hours especially for a weekend! I think we got lucky. :)   We were seated at the counter, overlooking the kitchen. Best seats in the house since we were able to watch the cooking process. :) I had the breakfast sandwich, which came with two eggs fried soft, cheddar, aioli, and frisee with added bacon. It also came with the plow potatoes on the side. The breakfast sandwich was amazingly delicious! Very filling and not too heavy! Eggs were cooked perfectly and the bacon added a nice crisp to the sandwich. The potatoes were cooked to perfection. It had a rosemary kind of flavor. Crispy on the outside. Very delicious. I also got to try the lemon ricotta pancake. Oh man, that was soo good! Fluffy and light with a hint of lemon flavor. Loved how the lemon flavor wasn't too overwhelming. Definitely a must order! Everything that I tried was five stars and definitely want me coming back for more. :)	 0
Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted..   Plow, you da best I ever had.  When a place is extra special you know I gotta throw in some Drake.   I remember brunching at Plow a year or two ago and thinking it was the best brunch I've ever had. I came back for a second time recently (after many, many brunches at other places) and still agree that Plow is THE. BEST. (I've ever had, tehe)   We came at around 12 on a Saturday and waited for almost two hours?! That's okay.. I'll willingly starve and be hangry for you, Plow.   You must order something that comes with the potatoes. If you don't, you must order some potatoes on the side because those potatoes are CRACK. Perfectly crispy, yet so fluffy. They put other breakfast potatoes to shame.   We also shared a spinach + mushroom benedict and the oh so famous lemon ricotta pancakes which were obviously delicious. Benedict was of course #eggporn worthy, not sure how other places mess this up but Plow's got this down solid. No additional details needed there.   Hands down my favorite brunch spot in SF. With that being said..  "I say, you da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best You da fuckin' best you da fuckin' best You the da best I ever had, Best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had"	 0
Saturday, 11:30 AM.  Quickie: + Drink/Food quality - Service + Hygiene + Atmosphere - Turnaround + Menu variety * Layout  And then...? The line system needs work, as we observed some folks cutting in front of people already waiting. Plow makes legit brunch and in case it was an off day, we hope to stop by again.	 1
Always an excellent brunch here.  THE WAIT They open at 8am on Sundays, and we got there at 8:11am.  There was already a line around the corner, but it was moving. We got on the list around 8:20am and had just barely missed the first wave of seating. They estimated a 30-minute wait, and we got a table inside around 8:50am!  SERVICE Friendly and efficient.  THE COST $66.61 before tips for 2 coffees, 1 starter, 2 sides, and 2 entrees. A very reasonable brunch for three.  MUST -HAVES As always: Lemon Ricotta Pancake, anything with their potatoes.  * Chia seed pudding (almond milk, coconut, honey, almonds, bee pollen, apples, raw hemp seeds. $9.25) - 4.5 stars My boyfriend's mom really enjoyed this. It was a nicely done, light breakfast. She wants to learn the recipe and make it herself!  * Breakfast sandwich + bacon & avocado ($17.50) - 4.5 stars Always a great sandwich with quality ingredients. The potatoes, as always, easily the best in the city.  * Soft scrambled eggs (stinging nettles, shiitake mushrooms, goat cheese. $15.75) - 4 stars Great texture to the egg, love the combo of cheese and mushrooms. Excellent potatoes.  SIDES * One lemon ricotta pancake ($5.50) - 5 stars Always amazing!  * One pumpkin pancake ($5.50) - 4 stars Great seasonal item, though somehow not as moist as the lemon ricotta, and missing that interesting pop in flavor.	 0
Finally got to try this place out... ive had this place bookmarked for a couple years!! Went here for brunch with my bff yesterday we both really enjoyed it here! We both ordered "the plow" which came with 2 lemon ricotta pancakes, potatos, two eggs, and your choice of sausage patties, bacon, or chicken apple sausage! We also got a glass of mimosas which were super refreshing!   Overall I had a great experience here, it has such a cute ambiance, service was great and the servers were fast. One of the workers even refilled our glasses with more champagne towards the end and offered to take our picture! Definitely coming back!	 0
It doesn't always make sense to drive from the East Bay to SF just for breakfast, but it NEVER makes sense to drive someone to SFO and not make a stop in the city for some chow. I had dumped my parents off at the airport and was relishing in an unusually light traffic day and combed my hit list for breakfast before venturing back across the bridge.  I had hopes that the usual crowds were tame, this being a holiday week Friday morning just after 8am. And, I was sorta right. Upon arriving, I was told that I'd be seated "very soon" since they were about to turn several tables. And, they were right about the tables, though it was very clear that they were giving seating priority to full tables and leaving me and another solo diner to wait. "Very soon" ended up meaning 40 minutes, but I get it. The place is small and its better for business to fill tables up. You know going in that you're going to wait, so buckle in and dress warm.  So what is it that draws the crowds to Potrero Hill? Eggs are eggs. But, OMG, those potatoes! To the demise of my carb-cutting plans, I ended up with the two egg breakfast (sacrificing the delight of the famous pancakes) which of course comes with a heaping scoop of the wonderfully crisp and flavorful potatoes. I managed to save half back to share with the fam, but still left quite satisfied.  The chicken apple sausages were a perfect accompaniment, with a browned skin and warm and juicy center. And the Highwire coffee makes for some high quality joe.  As expected, it all comes at a price north of $20 for breakfast and coffee. That and the wait had me leaning towards 4 stars, though service was very nice. But for an occasional morning splurge, it is hard to beat so I rounded up! Bravo Plow!	 0
Whenever I get house / home made pasta that's deliciously prepared, I yelp it out!    We were a party of 12, so we got to try many items on the menu.  All of it was good.  Servicing sizes are not American style pile-on but Italian style for smaller palates.   One of the hallmarks of truly Italian food:  Not super rich American style desserts.    This restaurant reminded me of an Italian trattoria rather than a ristorante.  The difference for those interested: http://www.fourbrotherscucina.com/italian-eateries-ristorante-trattoria-and-the-osteria/  In short, this place is a little bit of Italy in the heart of the Castro, which is not known for fine dining.  So, we are so glad this restaurant exists.  It's fresh pasta is comparable to any we've had at neighboring Farina, Delfina, Locanda, SPQR, A16, etc.  Truly a gem to cherish!	 0
Terrible experience.  Daughter made a reservation for 7:30 for our party of three.  I heard the phone call.  We arrived at 7:25 and were informed (rather rudely) that our reservation was for 6:30.  Server said it wasn't a problem since they had an available table, but that we had been expected earlier.    Not off to a great start. . . . We ordered an appetizer and three entrees.  Appetizer never came.  Entrees FINALLY arrived, after an exceptionally long wait.  I had the ravioli--ample portion and quite tasty.  Daughter had the gnocchi, and it was a very small portion.  I shared some of my ravioli with her.  Hubby got pork--and it had a bone in it!  Mind you, our appetizer never arrived, but we were charged for it.   When we FINALLY received our bill, again after an exceptionally long wait, my husband pointed out the fact that we had never received our appetizer, and it was removed from our bill.    There are too many great places to eat in San Francisco to spend so much time and so much $$$$ here.	 1
Thanks to my handy-dandy Yelp app, I found this lovely restaurant. The inside is charming, the customer service was welcoming and polite, the menu is vegetarian friendly, and the food is fantastic! All four of the dishes we ordered  (see pictures) were extremely fresh and delicious! The Happy Hour menu is awesome and the pricing is very reasonable for the quality of food and service received. If you're in the area, definitely check out Poesia!   4 plates and 1 well drink = $50.03, excluding tip.	 0
Super cute Italian restaurant in the Castro! Great service and the food is phenomenal.	 0
Poor service,  really BAD service. The waiter never came over and let us know that our meal would be out soon or that it was taking a while... something would have been nice.   We waited a while for our apitisers, and then another 20ish minutes before I had to flag down the waiter and ask him what was taking so long with our main course. He went into the kitchen and returned with, your meal will be here in 3 minutes. So I watch the clock, almost 7 minutes later... here came our main course. Sea Bass and Goncci... that's it, nothing special. And that took over 30 minutes. Meanwhile, I had to ask the waiter to refill my iced tea (that should have been a giving, without asking).  The food tasted good, no issues until we where ready to leave. Nobody ever brought my take home box back to the table. When I asked, it could not be found.   Oh well, this was our 6th time eating here and usually not a bad experience, but last night was a complete failure.	 1
Wanted 4-5 nucies ( I have no idea how to spell that) the manager said no. I wanted to talk to him and find myself under attack, he kept on talking and tried to shut me up. couldn't speak or reply. Will never come again to this place.  This is not a way to treat customers.	 1
Love this restaurant. The food is scrumptious, the atmosphere is darling romantic, and the service is really friendly. Try the carpaccio. I've been craving it since I had it. It's a perfect date night but it's nice with a small group of friends, too! I can't wait to go back!	 0
4 stars for food, 2 stars for service.  Poesia's food was quite good, but the service was a huge disappointment.  The decor is traditional and the prices not cheap.  The service at Poesia was disappointing from beginning to end.  We were seated at 7:30pm, but no one came to greet us and take our drink orders until 20 minutes later!  They didn't bring us the menu for wine by the bottle until we asked.  Throughout the meal, no one came to bring us more water after ours ran out.  Later, we had to ask for the dessert menu ourselves.  Our party of three did not wrap up until 10:15pm, and this was not by choice - our dinner took nearly three hours because of the consistently slow service.    The food at Poesia was its saving grace.  The gnocchi starter was good, and I quite liked my pasta with pork.  My friend really enjoyed her eggplant Parmesan, and my husband really liked his squid ink pasta with seafood.  The broccoli side was decent.  Finally, the chocolate spuma dessert with salt and spice was tasty (though quite small and not sharing friendly).  The decor was traditional and old fashioned - my dining companions liked it, though I would have preferred a simpler, more modern look.  The food and drinks were not cheap.  Consider getting a bottle of wine instead of wines by the glass.  We made the mistake of getting multiple glasses of the $14/glass Alicante (quite good) instead of the $45 bottle.  Overall, despite the good food and drinks, I can't get over the slow, disappointing service.  Ugh - what a shame.	 1
Fantastic service, great location and delicious food! My friends and I enjoyed the special sea bass baked in parchment paper, the vegetarian home made beet & ricotta ravioli's and the pork pasta. I didn't try the pork myself, but the other two dishes were the best I've had in a while. My friends said the meat dish was also delicious.   There was a large party of about 30 people seated before us, but the service did not suffer, and the noise was moderate.  We ended the the meal with the tiramisu & the coconut Panama cotta with blue berry compot. The tiramisu was good, but I'd make a special trip back just to enjoy the pans cotta. Wow!! That was delicious!  Before we left I spoke with the bartender who informed me that they have a daily happy hour menu. The menu looked great.  I've found another gem in the Castro!	 0
We had gone here a few years back for our anniversary and it was perfect very cozy warm and friendly place. The food was divine and the service was amazing i have such an awesome memory of a lovely evening spent here absolutely lovely...	 0
A wonderful date deserves a wonderful place. Being able to reserve a table here just made it all the better. We arrived just near the tail end of Happy Hour, and our waiter was very happy to honor the lower cocktail prices during our time. Which is good, cause boy did we drink ( and remain extremely classy ). We shared an appetizer, and thus began that dance of emotions, while stuffing our mouths full of delicious food. I quality of the pasta was wonderful, and while the portion sizes are smaller than I am used to, I left feeling very full. And with a dessert menu like that, we just couldn't say no ( and you know you have "met the one" when you both realize that even though your full, there is still room for dessert ).   The waiter keep our waters filled, and our drinks coming, while leaving us be to enjoy a romantic dinner conversation.	 0
The service was good, the food was "hit and miss" with precious few dishes hitting the Yum zone and the others the BICKY ( bad - icky ) zone. 18th & Castro once again proving itself a better intersection for the cruising crowd than the educated palate. Sitting in a window table with an uninterrupted view of the Midnight Sun, providing free entertainment of the comings and goings of the Castro bar dwellers. Mr. Server (with his multitude of bangle bracelets) was good, The food @ Poesia:   Bread and olive oil & balsamic vinegar - GOOD freshish Italianesque bread, ok/average olive oil & vinegar  Carpaccio - GREAT: 3 Mini towers of carpaccio wrapped around greens with erect enoki mushrooms spouting out of the top, a culinary construction in deference to the locale ?   Dandelion greens - BICKY (see above): overcooked - mushy with less flavor than a boiled stick. Shoulda sent it back but didn't want an Italian retribution appearing the subsequent dishes   Fried Calamari: OK: mostly a salad mound with a few (maybe 6) smallish pieces of calamari. This was a surprise since many pic's of this dish show a mound of Calamari.  Filet Mignon - GOOD: Tasty & properly cooked medium rare, sliced with plenty of the omnipresent small greens  Lamb shank pasta - OK: Pasta properly cooked, meat was shredded on top. Wondered where the other 80% of the shank was. Tasty but skimpy. Maybe this lamb shank was from a very, very skinny lamb  Fish (Branzino?) cooked in parchment - BICKY: Overcooked - mushy, it was obvious that the parchment was more a gimmick than integral to how the fish was cooked. It was deboned which helped with picking the mushy meat.   Desert: GOOD - : Ice cream w/ a shot of espresso, with the serving embellishment of having the espresso poured on the ice cream at our table.   TL;DR:  The environment is a Victorian or Edwardian house converted to its present restaurant scheme. Its vibe is (as many have) described is homey. While "homey", the only resemblance to its architectural heritage is the peaked ceiling. Any other recognizable interior que of the buildings heritage was erased with sheet rock decades ago. Its kind of like the guy who fills in his lawn area with cement and paints it green. A "chandelier" near our table, appearing to be a hand moulded creation that looked as if it was made out of reddish playdough by someone with too much contact with lead. Maybe the dough part is meant to carry forward the Poetic culinary theme? It takes more than Italian names for dishes to make them delicious. The cocktail attraction & promotion & deals certainly contribute to the Positive Poesia experience for many of LOCAL Castro fawning fans. Bartenders are a natural FAV in this neighborhood. I would guess this joint in its current incarnation won't draw many folks that would seek out a solid Italian food joints beyond the intersection of "18th & Castro" such as:   Bacco: http://www.yelp.com/biz/bacco-san-francisco  Manzoni (name has that Castro appeal) http://www.yelp.com/biz/manzoni-san-francisco-2  Zero Zero: (farther afield a solid and vibrant joint) http://www.yelp.com/biz/zero-zero-san-francisco	 1
This restaurant is like the kid in high school who sold weird plastic toys behind the gym during lunch. This place was designed to rip off tourists. Is the cleaning service here a group of snails? No! So do your job! Food Is mediocre.	 1
SCAM!! This place rip tourists off for a living. Plus there's pee everywhere in the toilets.  DON'T GO HERE!	 1
This was a good place to eat but has turned into the dive on Ocean Drive. From the bulldog manager that doesn't recognize her usual customers to waiters that rush you or try to move you to accommodate other parties after you've ordered; anything to convenience them but not you. Last time I ate there I had the runs for a week. When I went to the bathroom I saw roaches coming out of the kitchen. Honestly don't know why the Health Department hasn't closed this place. I would strongly recommend you try other restaurants because from the food to the drinks to the the bulldog manager at the front everything has gone down hill for this Restaraunt. If I could give this place less than a star I would.	 1
Just to remind.... Still the most sucking restaurant in the world ...  Only if I was food inspecter ..would have closed this restaurant  The behaviors  Cunning Intentions towards customers   I still can't believe they legally took away my 350 dollars for bunch of shrimps ...feels like looted	 1
Worst food ever. It should go to hell. I only got a Yelp account was to vent about how bad the food is. I hope this restaurant dies. I want for it to go hell. It SUCKS.	 1
Nestled in the heart of South Beach, just inside the small yet beautifully decorated Colony Hotel, this quaint little spot is great for anyone new to Miami looking for a 5-star quality meal.  The restaurant itself is amusingly unconventional, but don't let that throw you off. The music is eclectic yet pleasant, the staff is incredibly friendly and quick, and the food itself is to die for. As with any upscale restaurant, I would not recommend this place for those on a tight budget. However, if you're looking to take a break from the Miami Beach heat with an exquisite meal and some refreshing margaritas (and you've got the budget to afford the quality) then this place is definitely for you!  I've visited Colony Cafe a number of times and have had a satisfying experience every time. I recommend you ask for Svetalana (she's a sweetheart) and try their pizza. The alcoholic beverages, while definitely on the pricy side, are ENORMOUS and expertly concocted.   Enjoy!   EDIT: To those of out freakin' out, YES, this review is a joke. Have a good day. :)	 0
Worst.place.ever. They scammed us with a bullshit offer. Dont go here, if you do, do it to tell the staff that they suck and that their restaurant suck and continue to a place that dont suck. Plus there were pee everywhere in the bathroom.	 1
Worst food franchise to ever surface not just Miami alone, but all of America.  The first time I saw this restaurant, I knew beforehand that it would be incredibly ghetto.  I was very hesitant to visit this restaurant and suggested many other well-rated places nearby.  But of course, my stubborn-as-steel wife insisted we eat here.  I compared my arrival of walking into the store to diving in their dumpsters behind, which I would assume were cleaner than the establishment itself.  I ordered 3 shrimp rolls and a large Coke.  My wife ordered a simple Ceaser salad along with another medium drink.  I promptly attempted to pay via debit card, and our cashier directed us to a cardboard ATM located right next to the unsanitary bathrooms.  I kept swiping my card and an error message would appear saying "Transaction Denied."  I gave up on the machine and decided to pay with cash instead.  OUR TOTAL MEAL COST $40+ for just me and my wife altogether.  I kid you not, I waited 3 and a half hours for our food, which smelled and tasted like Satan's breath.  I thenafter threw up not one, but two meals.  I flipped off oir cashier and left no tip.  That same day, I check to see $114 000 missing from my bank account, which was assumedly ripped from the "broken" ATM.  I do not recommed you eat here and suggest you take your eatery matters elsewhere.	 1
Got scammed here. Rude staff..DO NOT GO HERE!  Btw there there was pee all over the toilet...	 1
****READ UNDER COLUMBUS RESTAURANT*****  This restaurant is the biggest scam out there. Do not be fooled of what is offered or promised by the staff that are trying to lure you in. JUST KEEP WALKING! When approached the stand to see what drinks the restaurant offered, the staff  told us about their 2 for one special in which you get to big drinks for $45. we started walking away to see what others offered and we hauled back in being promised 20% off and a shot each. Needless to say, 45 minutes after, no shots (which is fine as we came to enjoy one drink) we asked for the bill. The billed stated $55 plus taxes and automatic gratuity which came out for $70.95. When I asked the same man about the the price as it was supposed to be $45 and 20% off, he stated that offer was only for food not for drinks. We never discussed food as we only came for a drink. The manager came out and started raising his voice stating that we are lying and that's not what was mentioned. We felt embarrassed, cheated and verbally abused by him in front of all bystanders. Places like this put south beach to shame and am saddened my cousin from out of town had to witness this.	 1
-5 Stars! ***S C A M***  2 for 1 drinks that cost $55 dollars a price + a $25 service charge? What the hell?  So u put us in the hospital then charge us $200 before u even get to eat the food!   IF U R IN A GROUP OF 4 PPL ONLY ORDER 1 DRINK.   BTW the real name is Columbus restaurant rated worse I'm American on yahoo.	 1
Worst restaurant and service I've ever had in my life! No one comes to serve you and when they do they get your whole order wrong. The food sucks. Lied on the drink special being 2 for 1. Lied on the costs of the drink when the bill finally came. Took forever to get help once seated. Honestly...the worst dining experience ever. 1 star because I guess that's the lowest you can go. I hope this place goes out of business. Thieves!	 1
These people are calling themselves different restaurant names in order to avoid the horrible reviews. Worst service. They lied to us and told us the drinks were two for 25. Then the check came and the drinks were 55. Called the manager and he didn't do ANYTHING. He basically told us we were wrong. Left no tip. They brought us shots that were obviously a reconciliation with probably some spit it in, and we just threw them on the plants. This restaurant is the worst on south beach. Never come here.	 1
They overcharged and ripped us off big time!  Waiter brought out a menu with no prices on it. When we ordered the hot plate (appetizer plate) he told us it was 55 dollars. We also ordered water and they brought us a bottle of water which was 10 dollars. Once we got the bill it was 130 dollars. We had to argue with the manager who was already arguing with another party who was furious about being over charged as well. We finally got the bill down. Very sketchy. Save yourself the trouble there is many other places a lot cheaper.	 1
I am absolutely satisfied with my breakfast experience here. What pulled us in was the free mimosas and free shots offer but our server was the deal breaker! Awesome guy, gave my husband and I both two free mimosas and two free shots of patron. If you eat here ask for George he'll take great care of you!	 0
The food was average but my friend and I both got free drinks, which is a big deal in South Beach, so I'll give it two stars.	 1
No such thing as happy hour. Ordered drinks but charged double because apparently they weren't big enough. Also ordered a meal and they charged us double. Their excuse was it comes in 2? How does that even make sense. Do not go here.	 1
This place is SHADY!!  How in the world is this place still in business??!!  Ughhh..I am so bitter I got sucked into the abyss of eating here just because my boyfriend and I wanted to eat somewhere simple on Ocean Drive. Let me ask you this...who pays $18 for a non-alcoholic drink?? A fool who is told some BS that they are getting two for one drinks..that's who.  Do not be fooled by the fact that they have various aliases, this is indeed the Colony Cafe...not "The Pershing" and not "Chef Vincent Restaurant".  Make no mistake, their deceitful practices will catch up with them eventually.  The food was just okay, but how they get people is by overcharging people for drinks (even if they are nonalcoholic!)   Unless you feel like dropping $60 on a substandard lunch, run for the love of your wallet..just run.	 1
I would've given this place a higher rating since the food was good, but this place is a ripoff to the extent that it negates anything positive I could say about it. There's a gross lack of transparency with pricing. My friend and I ordered a meal for which they charged us $150! If we'd known the price was so exorbitant we never would've ordered it. The drinks were also outrageously priced. When I saw the bill I was visibly shocked and our waitress said, "Don't be mad at me." This was obviously a reaction she'd seen many times before. Total tourist trap.	 1
STAY AWAY!  This restaurant uses multiple aliases to hide the negative reviews.  Rated worst restaurant in America!  Horrible restaurant!  Bad service, over priced drinks, and over cooked food!  The only reason I  rating it 1 star is because there isn't a 1/2 star rating available.   Recently I celebrated my birthday in South Beach Miami and was approached by one of their hostesses offering me a 2 for 1 deal on drinks and 20% off my meal.  I said yes and was seated.  OMG - big mistake!  Our waiter (Claudio) was lazy, smug, and arrogant.  Took him 20 mins to take our order, we asked for bread 5x (only to receive it at the end of our meal), my friend asked about her dish and he told her she should have read the menu closer ('your fault; not mine'), and worst of all - they charged us $45 for each cocktail!  Who would pay $45 knowingly for Happy Hour drinks?! The nearby restaurants have 2:1 for less than $20 each.  When we challenged it, he said 'read the sign, the price is listed'!  The 'sign' is posted in an obscure location so people eating outside will not easily spot it.  When we tried to talk to the hostess, she had mysteriously disappeared.  So it is now our mission to warn as many as possible to NOT EAT or DRINK at COLUMBUS CAFE / RESTAURANT EVER!	 1
I have mixed feelings about this place, so I'll write a mixed review.  First, I've been here for lunch and the food is pretty good, reasonably priced, and comes quickly and without much fuss. The place has been mostly dead at lunch, so we've never had problems getting a table.  However, if you want to grab a quick bite after work and your friends are not hungry, I'd say go down the street to Woodrow's, as they're friendlier. CB has a rule that tables are for eaters, mixed crowds should hover around the bar. Well, the bar gets crowded, and if I wanna eat, I have to rub elbows with other jerkoffs who are also not eating. Does this make sense?  The overall feel is that the bar is biding its time, or maybe the owners use it as a tax sink? I don't know. It lacks soul. And there's not even a real copper barrel in the decor. When you go in there, only half of the bar is occupied. The rest is off limits unless you're all grubbing up. And the staff isn't particularly helpful or apologetic in that regard.  Still, if you're not opposed to a decent, reasonably priced ($8.00) burger or sandwich for lunch, try it out. And then GTFO.	 1
I haven't had a lunch this bad for a really long time.  It was disgusting!  I ordered from Seamless Web and went with the Cheeseburger ($10.50) which came with a side of fries.  Simple enough order, right?  Let me count the ways they went wrong:   1.  Sandwich arrived in a flat take-out container rather than a sandwich container.  2.  Requested medium rare, but it was prepared medium/medium well.  3.  Hamburger was not uniform in thickness, so it had weird bulges on one side that were charcoal-y and very burnt.   4.  Requested bleu cheese for my cheese, but I couldn't readily detect it.  I think they used bleu cheese dressing instead.  Gross.  Apparently $10.50, isn't enough money to cover a couple crumbles of the real thing.    5.  Sandwich was really soggy and oozing a creamy juice.  There was no way to prevent it from coating my fingers and stop the bun from falling apart.  Said ooze did not taste good either.     6.  The single pickle was a 1 inch thick coin that really didn't work on the sandwich.  At least cut it in half and distribute it.      7.  The crinkle cut fries were clearly pre-purchased in bulk and fried.  Think Ore-Ida.  Absolutely flavorless.       Gourmet spots like Burger Creations and BRGR have much better sandwiches at a lower price point.  Who would deal with this madness?  This is really one of the worst cheeseburgers I have ever had.  Ugh!	 1
I  came here on a Monday night with 2 friends. We came in only because on the  sign outside the bar it said happy hour from 11am til 12am... Umm sounds amazing, right? But its totally not.There was this bartender named Josh who was a total jerk. He announced they were closing at 10pm instead of midnight and when we asked why they were closing early he didnt even have a legit reason. Though the bar was sort of full he even turned customers away! Totally unprofessional and selfish, Josh should not be working there he had no respect for paying customers!! $3 drafts are enticing but it is a total rip off! Avoid at all costs and go to the Dark Horse directly across the street and order a skittles shot!! ;)	 1
Soooo I'm not really sure what was more comical, the bartender's (explicitly told) story about her cussing out an MTA agent, or the complete lack of professionalism in the entire place. Either way, what a mess!  I have a bit of history with this place, which is to say that when I worked in this area last year, it had just opened and my friends and I came here on occasion. Servers / bartenders were not super attentive, but they were at least nice enough to justify going there for the $8 lunch special. Food is good enough, considering it's at lunch and $8.  So, when I began working in the area again a few weeks ago, I immediately thought to go there when the hunger pangs hit. Well, I had also just refilled my Venti Iced Coffee, and the bartender refused to serve me bc I had a coffee. I understand you don't want people to bring in their own beverages, but do y'all even serve coffee? You know what, fine, I'll go somewhere else then, because I am NOT throwing away my lifeline.  Either I have a bad memory or I'm a masochist, because I decided to go back today (you know, the "need a beer with lunch" kinda day). Here's a play-by-play:  1. I sit down at the bar, unsure if the girl sitting next to me is a patron or a waitress. Bartender is in the middle of work drama story, and acknowledges my presence by putting a coaster in front of me. SHE DIDN'T EVEN LOOK AT ME.  2. I know exactly what I want, but clearly I need to wait until she's done with this super-fascinating story, as well as work gossip between the three girls. THEN I am allowed to order my drink. I have to call her over to order my food.  3. While I'm waiting, a man sits down in the bar stool next to me. Then, and only then, does the waitress get up out of her seat... and reluctantly, I might add. The bartender pulls the whole "I see you but I'm not looking at you" move again... that is, until she decides to ask him his name in an effort to be friendly (aka he's a guy so she's hoping for a bigger tip). Yo, what's up with that preferential treatment?  4. A waitress brings over my food, and bartender puts it in front of me - "Oh, let me get you a napkin..." which is to say, "Let me get you a napkin after I take care of the guy next to you who is 3/4 done with his beer and basically anything else I can manage to do before getting it for you."  5. Food's alright, though the entertainment is better... this is where the MTA story comes in. "I f***ing told her didn't she f***ing see me swipe that sh**?! God what a b****! And then the police officer came over to me and I was just like 'F*** you b****!'".... WHOA. You're giving me a lot of drama miss thing. I mean, I'm not judging - who doesn't hate the MTA or hasn't secretly or not-so-secretly cursed out the agent - but damn girl you might want to save that for an after-work drink.  6. Guess who walks in? Well, I'm not really sure either; it could have been the manager, owner, random man in street clothes... really no telling. Apparently, though, her tirade didn't phase him, because he laughed with her and waltzed off towards the kitchen.  7. Which brings me to my next observation... NONE of these girls have their hair tied back. Health violation anyone? Furthermore, one of the servers flipped her hair and scratched her nose before handing ketchup to the guy next to me. Yikes, glad that wasn't my ketchup.  8. I would further like to point out to the jury that the bartender did not offer me another beer, never once looked me in the eye (and really barely looked at my face), never greeted me, and never once said thank you.  Masochist that I am, I doubt I'll come back, even if I DO need a lunch beer.	 1
A rip off! A waste! Never AGAIN! It was so foolish of me to try and eat here, and I have specifically condemned myself twenty times for all the consumption that took place here. What a joke!	 1
Disgusting.overcharging bartenders, meathead bouncers, pigslop" food". How much longer can this place be allowed to open being so close to cityhall. Should be closed under the trade description act. I want my $8 back. I wont waste my time describing this place as i spent 45 mins there and thats enough time for any one person to devote to this........i cant think of a word vile enough!!!!! K.k.	 1
Tagliolini porcini is my newest obsession.  Holy crap is it good. The chewy strands of pasta, the big mushroom pieces, that amazing tomato cream sauce...I'm in heaven. Portion sizes and prices are just right. Funny enough, I actually came here because I was in the mood for some Spaghetti Bolognese, but I got tempted by the Tagliolini after reading the yelp reviews. Yelpers, you guys are awesome!  The place is so, so tiny. I wouldn't even consider eating in here, even though it's a rather cute, cramped little space. When it gets crowded, there's no place to stand. Definitely a to go place for sure. I'm already looking forward to getting some more of that pasta.  Also, review #700!	 0
Great food for great price! Was going to watch a late movie with friend and got here because it was still open at the time; food was unexpectedly great! My friend had chick parmesan pasta and it was just mind-blowing.  The chicken was tender, juicy and tasty~   Although space is limited, would recommend take out instead.	 0
I came here for lunch one afternoon because I heard about the affordable $10 lunch special. The Italian man at the register was one of the nicest guys I have ever met! I ordered the penne with a salad and a "New York Water". They gave me a nice size portion of bread and oil to keep me satisfied while waiting. The salad came, fresh greens and a delicious vinaigrette. The penne arrived a few minutes later with fresh mozzarella and basil. The food was delicious. I will definitely return.	 0
Never a bad meal here! Slightly pricier than your usual pasta place, but what you're really paying for is the quality of ingredients & home cooking taste.  I love the spaghetti bolognese & get it every time. I'll be coming back for that dish until I can't anymore :)	 0
Super small but in a cozy, not cramped way. The pasta is perfectly cooked - al dente! Every bite is delicious and definitely worth the price :) I got the Tagliolini Porcini and it was wonderful!	 0
This is my favorite hidden gem in New York City.  You can look at it and say "Wow, that's ghetto."  But the chef behind those dishes knows what he is doing, and he is a damn good guy for making the prices so affordable.  The only downside to this place is that it is very, very small.  It seats about 8 people and has a bench outside. There's a shelf area where you can make your own olive oil and vinegraette dip for the bread, or get some of the homemade dip they made. There's also ice water provided.    For such a small place, I love their menu options. It's extensive, and their specials never go wrong. I always opt for the specials because the food combinations for each one always sound good and make me completely indecisive.  Recently I had the special Bow Tie pasta with asparagus, salmon, and porcini mushrooms in pink sauce.  I licked that plate CLEAN. : )  I've never tried their non-pasta options, but I don't plan to because the pastas are al dente and just heavenly... I'm dreaming of it right now!	 0
I work around here, and my favorite lunches are from Pepe Rosso. The owner always makes you feel like a million bucks, and you just leave feeling happy. Plus the food is some of the best Italian food I've ever had in New York! (Slash probably anywhere). I usually get the penne spinach and it's just amazing. I only do takeout, inside is a little claustrophobic but if you don't mind sitting on top of someone else, then go for it. You might even make a friend!	 0
Greeted nastily when picking up a Seamless order of Rigatoni Prosciutto di Parma and Arugula in Pink Sauce $12.95 (bland prosciutto di parma, limp and mushy arugula, decent pink sauce*) in the tiny space (hence the name). *My description, not Seamless'	 1
Food is INSANELY good. Place has been constantly busy and packed when I go to grab food. Clearly a sign of how good the food is. Their wine is also pretty good and they make it themselves.    My go to is the spaghetti bolognese - so delciosu	 0
New York is a haven for good Italian food, but most exist in the form of fine dining. If you want delicious no fuss, unpretentious, pasta, Pepe Rosso has got it hands down. Mainly a takeout joint, there are a few spaces to sit down for a quick bite if you can snag a seat.	 0
Pretty good food, it's worth the money. The italiano panini ($6.50) with chicken, mozzarella, and pesto was delicious.  The chicken wrap ($6.50) with lettuce, red peppers, avocado, and tomatoes was a little bland. Needs a little more sauce. I liked how they used a whole wheat wrap though, and how the wrap was filled with chicken. What I like the best is their Craft-your-own salad bar, where you can choose a small salad ($7) or big salad ($8), choose a base (mesclun mix, lettuce, spinach, arugula), choose unlimited toppings, and a sauce. They have a wide variety of toppings and most of them are free! There's also a seating area. I love the atmosphere. The people here are very nice and are fast at taking orders. Would definitely come here again!	 0
Never again. My friend purchased a $10 for $20 Groupon for this place. Since it's close to work, and we enjoy eating out a lot, we were excited about trying it, with the hope of eventually returning. Ummmm...no.  Our total was around $14. The cashier did not indicate that the entire $20 needed to be used all at once, and it does not say as much on the website, as you can see here:  http://www.groupon.com/deals/worth-cafe  So, after we gave the cashier the Groupon voucher, via her iphone, we sat down at one of only 4 tiny tables in the place. She realized that there'd been no receipt/discussion about how to redeem the remainder of her $20 voucher, so she went back up to the register and asked how that would be done. We had NO expectations, but really just wanted to know the policy, since there was still around $6 left on the $20 Groupon offer. The cashier's response was "Uh...what happens to the rest of it? I don't know. I guess you have to use it all in one visit...I don't know." Okaaaaay...so we sat down, and contemplated what else to buy. Ideally, since there was nothing stating that it had to be used at one time, in the offer, we had planned to carry over the remaining $6 to another day, when, obviously we'd spend even MORE money.   After we sat for a few minutes, my friend grabbed a water and some granola bars, and went back up to the cashier, to use the rest of the voucher. She once again encountered the rude cashier AND owner/manager, who said that she could not use the remaining value, since it needed to be used all at once. She explained to him that the cashier NEVER mentioned that to her, AND that the fine print does not indicate such restrictions. Even still, all we wanted was to use the rest DURING THE SAME VISIT, since we sat there and did not leave the place, while we ate.   The response from manager/owner: "The Groupon says you have to use it all at one time." Even after my friend offered to show him the voucher and read to him what it said, he was rude and dismissive, saying "You don't have to make a federal case out of it." That's funny, cause we work at the federal courthouse.   Anyhow, it was the rudest, most uncomfortable lunch experience we've ever had, and she's worked in the area for 12 years! It's really unfortunate, because the reason she even bought the Groupon was so that we could try the place out, in hope that we'd go there again. Instead, we were treated like THEY were doing us a favor. Just...wow.   We won't be going back here again, ever, but will definitely make it a point to eat at Civic Deli, Albella's, Lil's Chinese, McDonald's, and Sazon.   Not every customer who purchases a Groupon deal is trying to "get away" with something.  Now, we feel forced to share this experience with anyone who asks.	 1
Ordered online via Grubhub. Order suddenly got cancelled because of technical difficulties on the restaurant's side, which is fine and understandable. Subsequently Grubhub called - somehow they managed to get the order through and re-charged my card for the delivery amount. Delivery guy shows up and asks for cash. I hand him a $20 (order amount is $12) and he doesn't have change. If you can't accept online orders with credit cards, at least have cash change for your deliveries.	 1
I pick up lunch here once in a long while. I used to visit more often to have the taco bowl - a tortilla shell filled with chicken, brown rice, black beans, corn, salsa, and guacamole - but I've been disappointed repeatedly by the quality. I tried it again today and it just wasn't to my satisfaction.  They have a nice fresh salad counter which I've enjoyed on a couple of visits. Desserts by the register are pricy.	 1
Jim's Rule for choosing the name of your restaurant:  don't pick something that is so easy to mock in a review.  Is it worth it?  Um, a starving Peace Corps volunteer would turn their nose up at this tripe.  This was my worst Seamless Web order ever.    The high end for the delivery estimate was 30 minutes.  That seemed kind of long for lunch given that I only ordered a panini and the place was a few minutes away.  After an hour, yes HOUR, I called the phone number for the restaurant.  I learned that the number was not valid for voice mail messages.  Are you serious??  So, I then called Seamless Web.  After being on the phone for a few minutes, my doorman called and informed me that delivery person finally made it.  I was handed my sandwich with nary an apology.  I opened up the tiny takeout container (suitable for a side order), and saw the two halves of my sandwich squished inside.  Each half was noticeably charred black with grill marks and pressed very thin.  All I could taste was burnt.  If I could pick up anything in the background, it was way too much salt.  Yeah, burnt salt.  Yum.  God awful.  Just avoid.	 1
Staff is really friendly, so don't be afraid to try new things and customize. I recommend getting to know the staff and making this place a regular lunch/mid-day stop. I'm slightly biased in that this cafe is close to work, but the service and overall quality of the place is quite good.  The food is your typical deli foods (sandwiches, salads, soups, etc), but they have great specials like their lunch salad special with unlimited veggies and choice of a protein (i.e. chicken). Sometimes they have unique specials like a pizza (which was really really large) for $4.99 with one topping.  This cafe is really close to another cafe that is two doors down. I like this cafe better because it doesn't have a self-serve component so I know my food is only being exposed to the staff rather than anyone who walks into the cafe. The staff is super friendly, which can make your quick lunch on a stressful day all the more enjoyable. I definitely recommend. (Try the BLT on a croissant with honey--absolutely delicious!)	 0
Food is average and prices are ok. The cashier was rude after I explained to her that I did not order two egg and cheese sandwiches. Just one with two eggs. She made me pay for both... They say they are customer friendly but it doesn't feel genuine.	 1
This place sucks. I ordered a Cobb salad and asked for tuna instead of chicken and I was charged $2 extra so my salad ended up being $11. When I asked about it, the guy at the register said tuna is more expensive than tuna. Really? Because last time I checked the tuna is $1 a can.	 1
For my 50th review, I decided to get my "first to review" stripes and write about this place.  Since I used to live in an apartment building on Worth Street, it seems appropriate that I'd be the first to review Worth Cafe.   While I can attest to the fact that this place is located on Worth street, I wouldn't necessarily say that this place is worth visiting. And, it'd be more appropriate to deem this place a glorified deli than a cafe. There are very few tables inside and only one table outside. As for the food, it's typical deli fare with sandwiches, paninis, and salads. There are also a small number of dessert options such as cannolis, which were actually pretty good.  What was horrible, however, were there milkshakes. Actually, calling what the attendant made a "milkshake" is an affront to the word.  It was, hands down,  one of the worst drinks I ever tried in my life.   Still, if one doesn't happen to be working in the Civic Center, this place isn't worth walking more than a couple of minutes to get to. Even for those people who live in the area, there are better places to go for a quick lunch. I ended up giving this place 2-stars instead of 1-star because it's in close proximity to me, the prices are decent and the people there are pleasant. I guess that I am feeling particularly nice today.	 1
This used to be one of my favorite restaurants in downtown Manhattan.  Not anymore with the change in ownership.  First we got there at 8:30 on a Friday and they told the two of us that we would be seated shortly.  Five minutes later they came back and told us it would be 10-15 minutes.  Then at 8:50, they said 10 more minutes.  Finally at 9:15 we were seated.   At that point we saw many empty tables, and could not figure out why it took so long to get one.     Then, we looked at the menu to find that it had been completely changed.   Gone were all of many of their old standby favorites, such as the New England Clam Chowder and the Seafood Stew.   The food now is good, but its just not as tasty.  It also took them   much longer than before to actually bring the food, and when they did, they originally brought us the wrong dishes.  If you are going to change a restaurant this drastically when purchasing it, you would be better off opening it under a new name as well.  This is twice I've been to Steamers since this changed, and I'm not sure I want to go back any time soon.	 1
It should get 2 stars for the location.  But the food is so terrible, it lost that star.  Went here for brunch - late around 2pm.  Service is attentive and kind and I feel for the poor saps who decided to work here.   Started with oysters on a half shell. They were NOT fresh, had to pile on the mignonette and red "cocktail" sauce to cover the fishiness.  Then my eggs benedict. I noticed when the plate came. no sign of any greens and then my hollandaise in a gravy boat. Consistency of mayo in an almost orange color. NASTY and likely from a powder. Sick  Doubly sick, runny whites.   Triply sick, a short curly hair on my egg. How did it get there, I don't even want to know.   The staff was kind and returned quickly with an almost hard boiled overly poached egg.  I will never ever go here again, and I didn't even pay for brunch! If I want the view, I will just go walk through the Riverside park.    These guys could be a contestant on kitchen nightmares. I don't even want to know what grade if they had to hang a letter grade like they do in Cali (hopefully coming soon to NY)	 1
One of the worst lunches I ever had in my life.  How in the world do you mess up such a simple dish as linguine with clam sauce?  Well, first I guess you forgo the use of fresh clams.  Indeed, not a single clam shell was to be found in my dish.  Perhaps they scooped the meat out of the shells for my convenience?  No, not at all.  What little clam meat there was came chopped up into tiny chunks.  This was definitely clam sauce from a can; the kind you can find on a supermarket rack covered with dust with a sale price of $0.99.  And the sauce they apparently outsourced to said can.  It had a horrible aftertaste with a strong, abrupt flavor.  The plentiful linguine noodles were barely dressed in this sauce, so the whole dish tasted a lot like boiled noodles.  The cost for this dreary selection?  A whopping $18!  This has to be the highest markup I have seen in some time.  Absolutely horrible.	 1
Had the potential to be a great meal; however, the meal took a long time to get and was tepid at best. Too bad as the flavor was there.	 1
We were a group of 3 on saturday @2:30, a pretty empty time for the restaurant.    the view from the terrace is simply spectacular!   One person ordered the New England corn and clam chowder -- lots of corn and potatoes as well as some clams. But there was an odd undertaste, evaporated milk, perhaps. Two of us ordered the nicely browned French toast, the third ordered crispy calamari (far too much breading but the taste was fine). Service was fair. Our waiter wasn't familiar enough with the menu items to answer questions. HIs English wasn't very good though, so perhaps he didn't understand my questions  With fairly good food and a spectacular view, why only 1 star? A small basket with what looked to be 4 blueberry muffins was placed on the table: I picked up the one closest to me. Turned out to be half a muffin with a prior diner's  teeth marks still in it. Isn't serving food taken from another table a violation of  the NYC health code. At the very least,  finding  someone else's half eaten muffin in my hand turned my stomach. Would I go back? Yes, for drinks and the view, but not for food.	 1
Service was very very slow, food was over priced and poor - not wasting anymore of my time on this review.	 1
Service was lousy, and it wasn't busy. Took the waitress a long time to greet us, and even longer to get us drinks which actually came out after our salad was delivered.  Never checked on us or offered to refill drinks, had to flag her down for a glass of water. Still waiting for the crushed red pepper she offered to bring over.  The pizza was definitely not worth the wait. Skimpy on the toppings and undercooked for our tastes. Kind of a bummer! The only positive is that a man floating around (guessing the owner) was very friendly and you could tell he takes pride in the restaurant, which is too bad that it didn't rub off on the rest of his staff.	 1
Great job handling our hockey team dinner (40). Service was good, delicious food and no signs of being stressed (kitchen or service). Recommend Mike's for your team events.	 0
We asked for pizza with three toppings. Hardly anything was visible on top of the pizza the waitress explained that they hide the toppings under the cheese she was not truthful.	 1
Really great pizza especially if you order the thin crust. The pizza is as good as I've had anywhere including anthing I've had in New York Ciity. The service is also really excellent. For those concerned w Gluten, there is also a gluten free option that my wife really enjoyed. What really mskes the pizza so good is the tomato sauce. Boy is it good! I would recommend Mr. Mike's whole heartedly.	 0
Dave has always helped us out with large orders for pizza for groups needing a refresher from long stretches hiking in the high peaks. The pizza varieties are good and he even has opened early for us to help out. He is a great guy and willing to work with customers.	 0
Went there for a casual dinner with my girlfriend tonight. We always try Calamari at every place we go to...Mr. Mike's was over cooked, the batter was way too salty, and the calamari was all huge distorted looking chunks. I ordered Egg Plant Parm...wow did they mess it up! My egg plant looked as if it was deep fried and deep fried way past the time where it ceases to be egg plant and instead becomes greasy breaded mush. My girlfriend had lasagna which i won't complain about but will not rave about either. To make it all worse half an hour later I experienced stomach discomfort and rushed to the facilities to relieve my digestive system.	 1
I hate to even give one star because I don't think it is deserving. I came into town with my wife and another couple. We had just rode 8 hours and it 945. We stopped in and this is where it went downhill. First there were a bunch of younger men working. They seemed very annoyed we were there and you could tell they wanted to leave. Since we were on motorcycles we needed to dine in, but they refused us. They told us that we could order food but we weren't allowed to eat it there and that we would have to take to go. So we said ok we will try to find another place. My wife said we could go to Main Street pizza, that it was open still. Well then the staff told us how bad it was and how they wouldn't go there.( but still refused to serve us). We went to main at pizza anyway and the staff was very friendly and food was outstanding. To us it was unprofessional to bash another business. Maybe the owner will read this and see how bad your staff is.	 1
Pros:  decent pizza  no wait for a party of two on a holiday weekend during dinner  Pleasantly warm  Nice staff   Cons:  service was super slow (food came quick but getting the check took forever)  calamari had a terrible texture, was cut into strange pieces and was obviously straight out of the freezer  Pizza had too much olive oil (white pizza)  Calzone was empty at the ends  Marinara sauce was flavorless and thin  Smallest soda glass ever  Locals/regulars obviously favored: beers at another table were the size of an extra large soda (actually in a coke brand cup that was four times the size of our sodas), two waiters serving a table of four while we (a table of two) were trying to flag down someone for our check for the past 15 minutes  Difficult to find the front door  Broken/stained ceiling tiles  Weird floor plan  The chandlers were missing light bulbs   Expensive for low quality: a medium pizza, calamari, calzone and a coke = $45	 1
Mr. Mike's is very family friendly: incredibly patient and kind waitstaff. The pizza is delicious and the appetizers are plentiful. There's also a lot of space to accommodate large or small parties.	 0
Great food!! Try the Bolognese, it's amazing! They even helped entertain our children while we waited.  Highly recommend!	 0
Ordered a calzone to go and it tasted as if it was microwaved, burned, and it was chewy.  Not enough filling either.  Not good at all .	 1
Visited this place, because we were all starving after our long drive from Manalapan, NJ. This was the first place we saw and we jumped on it. Decor/Atmosphere felt like we we were in a school cafeteria. The Calzone - Horrible...The Pizza -Easily some of the worst I have ever had...and remember, I said we came from Jersey which has some pretty bad Pizza. To say I don't recommend this place is an understatement!!! My kids still laugh about this place...It's a joke!!	 1
This is the WORST $20 I spent in my LIFE! Staying in town on the lake and ordered delivery. The pizza had no taste to its sauce...3 pieces of pepperoni and very sparse other ingredients cloaked under a pile of too much cheese!!!! Wish I would have just tried another place! The crust was good though. That's about all I ate of the pizza...or maybe I was just hungry! UPDATE: Since I wrote this review I've gotten several insulting messages from someone named Kevin P speaking on behalf of Mike's Pizza. I'm unsure if he's just a fan or an employee/owner.	 1
Italian and pizza for families setting. Unfortunately, service was glacial.   Took the waitress something like 15 minutes to greet us after we called on a busboy whose excuse was, "it's my first day here."   The food was flavorful, and appropriately portioned. Good enough for that kind of thing, but not if you are in a rush.	 1
I have honed the commute between NYC and VA and back to the point where there is almost no wasted time.  If I am in Union Station, I have precious little time to buy a last minute ticket, grab dinner, and hit the Acela first class lounge for the courtesy pre-boarding announcement for the train home.  Unfortunately, the real whammy in the whole commute is deciding where to eat at in Union Station.  The choices are pitifully bad.  Pasta T'Go-Go is no exception.    They specialize in generous heapings of pasta and a slather of weak sauces.  The bolognese sauce for example is little more than finely ground beef, tomato paste, and water.  If you opt for something more sophisticated than a bowl of penne noodles, you will be met with the sorriest looking lasagna you have ever seen.  Yeah, don't do it.  The combo special includes, beyond the pasta, a large portion of garlic bread and a soda.  My garlic bread was hard and rubbery with a modicum of flavor and tasted as good as that sounds.  Pass.  Just upgrade to first class where a good, free hot meal is available and avoid this nonsense.	 1
Love me some BBQ. And this is the joint to get your grub on. I've been here many times and it's spot on every time. The format has changed slightly with the waiter service but the atmosphere and the food has not. This place is a great hang out any night for casual dining and excellent food. There's live bands and karaoke nights. They show the games on a huge drop screen. Two levels of spirited fun. Note the happy hour times.   Onto the grub:  Drinks: love the Texas Red, served straight up in the bottle. The sweet tea is a classic served in the mason jar. And full bar scene - they have it all. Just order it. Nice assortment of Beers as well.   BBQ: MUST try the Moist Beef Brisket. Tender, juicy,  smoky, great char on the edges (crisp), and by it's name - moist. Very flavorful. They have lean as well for those who don't want the fat. But that fat makes the brisket complete.   Pork lovers must try the Hot Links and Spare Ribs. The hot links also smoky, packs some heat, wakes the taste buds. I don't eat spicy as most know from my reviews but this is a must try. My mouth was on fire but it was so good. As for the spare ribs, falls off the bone tender (the meat) but it remains in tact. Perfect. It's got a nice sweet glaze but then you bite in and get all of the rib flavor. The way meat should be. No sauces needed. No salt or pepper needed. Awesome as is.   For the poultry lovers: besides their grilled chicken, they offer turkey and an apricot jam smoked duck breast. All Delicious! Pick any. I had the chicken leg last night and it was not for sharing. I liked it so much I didn't want to share! I'm bad, sorry.   Notable sides: of course the mac and cheese, baked and rich cheese blend. It's a must. The second favorite was the baked beans slightly blackened and soft. Had a nice sweet gravy to it and a smoky velvety finish. I had two helpings. The cucumber salad (cold) was a stand out as well. The vinegrette was slightly tart and sour but it was a good balance. It is great for sharing. My friends got the dirty rice which I tasted but didn't want to fill up on so I only had one spoonful. Sadly last night they didn't have the sweet bourbon mash. I normally would get that.   Desserts: I like peanut butter so I would often get the peanut butter and jelly cupcakes but they didn't have it yesterday. I ordered the Banana Pudding and Pecan Pie instead. Both desserts were heavenly. The banana pudding was light and fluffy. The vanilla wafer on top was a nice compliment. And the pecan pie I ordered it a la mode with salted caramel ice cream. It's good with vanilla too but we chose the caramel. Must try the chocolate pudding if you're a chocolate lover. That looked sinful but I stayed away given my sweet tooth is not chocolate induced. Hee hee  Tips: do not lose your meal ticket. It's a system that's just how it works. And order by piece or slice not by weight. You'll tend to over order but so worth it.	 0
I didn't realize there were two Hill Country restaurants right near each other but I looked at the first one that came up which was Hill Country Barbecue Market so we decided to try this spot out. The hostess handed the 4 of us each a Meal Ticket card.    There are two separate lines...one is for the meat and the other is for the sides. One of my colleagues and I decided to share our food...we picked The Butcher's Pick consisted of 1/4 lb of Brisket which comes with either slices of bread or crackers so I chose bread. The guy puts a price label on my colleague's Meal Ticket card then we went over to the other line and got a side of Longhorn Cheddar Mac & Cheese and an extra side of Corn Pudding then the guy handed us two pieces of cornbread with sweet butter spread.  My other colleague got a Pulled Pork Sandwich with a side of Collard Greens and an extra side of Corn Pudding. My manager got a Brisket Sandwich with a side of Longhorn Cheddar Mac & Cheese (oops didn't take a picture of his food).   This was the right amount of portion to share between two people. O M F G the brisket was seasoned so delicious and I love my meat to have some fatty parts on it. Ooooooooooo the cornbread has actual corn kernel in every bite "mama like" baby come into my belly. I absolutely love corn and that corn pudding sooooo freaking yummy as well and also the mac and cheese...mmmm superbly delicious!  We left tips on our table and walked over to the cashier to pay for our individual Meal Ticket Card. Thanks to one of my colleagues for treating me awww *blushing*  You definitely leave here stuffed like a roasted pig with an apple in your mouth hahaha  Will be back soon!	 0
We had the moist brisket - moist but salty, pulled pork- stay & dry without any sauce, collared greens - very salty, & jalapeño cheddar sausage - very good. Overall, if you can't eat carbs there is no way to get out of the salt fest that's going on in your mouth eating here. We thought it would be a good keto friendly meal but wouldn't go again now.	 1
Ahhhh I just loved dining here.   Made a reservation on Open Table & was able to seamlessly move the time up. I'm happy already.   Walk in, greeted warmly, got to choose our table. Got the 411 on how to order & in seconds a server was there to greet us & bring us water.   We ordered at the counter & chowed down.   I got: chili rubbed wings with ranch, corn (pudding?), Mac n cheese  BF had: the pit master (see photo), greens & sweet potato mash.  Wings were great, nice & juicy with a warm kick. The corn was great too, nice & smooth with sweetness. Mac n cheese was DEEEEEELISH!! Ugh I loved it so much. Creamy & stringy & oh so cheesy. Mmmmm  My BF is a quick eater & consumed almost all of his meat by the time I wanted to taste. He enjoyed everything. We both weren't fans of the greens. We both like em a little sweet not bitter. Sweet potato mash had too much nutmeg. Can't win em all.   I had the Kreuz marg & it was yummy. Nice kick & shaken to perfection. Would def get again   BF had the Lets go to Mexico & really liked it.  We both had dessert...you know for the sake of a quality review ;)   I had the sweet potato bread pudding which was ok. BF really liked it.   He had the pecan pie & really enjoyed it.   We will def return!!	 0
This place is as good as it gets. Came here twice in a week (one of them being Christmas Eve).  Let me start of by saying that this place provides an intimate, secluded setting with dark/dim lights which is very comfortable. Not to mention the unique layout of the restaurant that is a lot bigger inside than what it seems from the outside.  Once you get seated in a comfortable setting, you will be surprised at the variety of food and drinks that they provide.  I am not so much of a cocktail guy so I didn't order any cocktails but my friends who I went with did and loved it.  Of course the main was the food and if I said the food here was great, it would be an understatement. The food here is so good that it'll blow you away. I got myself a wagyu beef with eggplants the first time and then a Christmas Eve course but both times, I walked away very very very very satisfied.  If you visit this place, you need to try out the wagyu and the cod and if they have the Nigerian shrimp, get that as well!  All in all, you will not miss if you choose to come here. Everytime is a hit!	 0
This place is really amazing - one of the few places that has good dinner and brunch menus.  I was thoroughly impressed with the creativity of their dishes and the ambiance of the dining experience. There are two sections - one with a large communal table perfect for a party and another with small dining tables seating 2-4 people. This is a perfect place to take your date for a romantic dinner or a nice brunch spot with your close girlfriends.   My dining experience was phenomenal (we stayed for 3 hours) and a few dishes stood out  - the burrata, fresh and light j - carrots as side, delicate but full of carrot sweetness  - jumbo shrimp, juicy with a sauce to die for!  Seems like I missed the curry laksa that I definitely will try next time!	 0
Great service and excellent food.  The staff were so nice and friendly.  I'm writing this months after I visited in October but every dish we ordered was delectable. It was really quiet when we sat down (6ish) but By the time we left it was hopping. I would definitely go back.	 0
Seems like every single one of my foodie friend has visited this place; though opinions were pretty diversified. Public was an Australian/New Zealand cuisine with a Michelin star rating for five years in a row so I really wanna test it out by myself.  To my surprise, reservation was not at all hard to nail down and we were seated promptly upon arrival. I would strongly recommend their "feed-me-I'm-hungry" tasting menu as you would be able to get a bite of everything.  Among all dishes, I really enjoyed the grilled carrot (my friend hated it lol) and the jerk chicken. While the chicken meat was soft and juicy; the skin was able to maintain a crispy texture. Towards the end, both of us were extremely full before we even touching upon the dessert. Too sweet...  Next time I will probably go with their a la carte menu as many courses were pretty attractive. Overall a very satisfactory meal!	 0
Went out to late dinner with 4 girlfriends. Everything we ordered was delicious. My favorite was the potatoes with beef vinaigrette and the skirt steak. The burrata was exceptional. I would definitely come back, the service was great and extremely fast. Everyone enjoyed dinner and we would love to try more plates because EVERYTHING was delicious	 0
Our party of five all ordered the chef's tasting menu ($65/person) and were extremely, pleasantly surprised not only with the many selections we received, but also with the quality, creativity, and taste of each dish. We left feeling very satisfied. The tasting menu is an excellent value and allows you to try a bit of everything without having to put too much thought into making selections.  The chef-selected dishes included: - quinoa flatbreads and gluten-free rolls - curry coconut laksa - burrata - quinoa and corn salad - charred carrots - baby marbled potatoes - ricotta cavatelli - hemp crusted salmon - spice rubbed grilled half chicken - dessert  The restaurant also accommodated food allergies and intolerances for us, bringing two versions - one regular, one "without dairy," when necessary. Much appreciated!	 0
4.5 stars.  I came to Public for a wedding reception and dinner. The layout was a little cramped for the ~75 people there, but the food was delicious, drinks were stiff, and service was friendly.   The setup of the venue is nice, with the main room being a long indoor hallway that was open to the outdoors on one end.   Some of the hors doeuvres that waiters walked around with were absolutely amazing. My favorites were the curried coconut shrimp laksa (a Malaysian soup), foie gras with mango chutney, and salmon sashimi with wasabi tobiko. Most of the staff was more than open to discussing what each dish was in depth.   They were offering 3 special cocktails for the night, in addition to select wine and beer options. The dark and stormy and the margarita were standard, but the lavender gimlet was a well-fashioned drink.   For dinner, the food continued to impress. Highlights were the octopus, crispy baby artichokes, whole fish (I believe it was trout), and grilled skirt steak w/ peas and chimichurri.   Overall, a great venue that I can imagine is quite overpriced when you're not getting free drinks and food. If your wallet can carry the load, let your taste buds indulge!	 0
After my favorite Jamaican restaurant closed I went on a hunt for some authentic jerk chicken..I tried the other places but they were too commercialized..alot off places dumb down the jerk because alot of people don't appreciate or know what real jerk tastes like...then I found Jamaica Jamaica and I have found my true jerk taste again..my daughter and I travel from forestville md. Mostly every weekend to get it....love it....keep up the great work!!!!	 0
This place is pretty bad.  For starters, they can take a lesson in the art of menu simplicity (see Chipotle, In N' Out, for masters of this art).  Their menu is a jumble of complexity that I couldn't understand.  Besides, who needs an exhausting menu when, as someone else mentioned, your options are all right before you? Hint: Entree + 2 sides = $x.99  Anyways, I was hankering for some beans/rice and chicken, so I opted for the curry chicken with rice.  They should have covered the HUGE mastercard/visa logos on their menu since once I was checking out, with meal in hand, the server looked at my plastic and said "Sorry, cash only mon" (mon inserted for effect) - add $2 to Citibank ATM for the cost of meal.  Second, their soda fountain wasn't working... so I opted for the bottled diet coke.... of  course, they were OUT of that too.  Feeling adventurous and neglecting my good sense to go for tap water, I settled for one of those quirky Jamaican sodas in the tiny glass bottles.  Who knew they were $3!? Oh well.  $13 for a meal and drink ($15 with the $2 donation to citibank), at the food court. Not the best bargain.  The food it'self was very so/so - it tasted like it was sitting there all day. Meh.  Much better options in this food court....	 1
Wow, HORRIBLE.    -Beans and rice -- more bland than white rice (how is that possible??)   -Plantains -- greasy and heavy without any good flavor to make it worthwhile -Jerk chicken -- I was a jerk for ordering it.  It was spicy but that's it.  Once again, zero depth of flavor.  Service -- the worst I have received in DC thus far.  I was actually so appalled by the service that I almost went back to tell the dude at the counter off.  My husband held me back b/c I was about to kick someone hard in the teeth.  Please don't waste your money.  Go to McDonalds.	 1
I am always on the search for jerk chicken... *good* jerk chicken.  When I was handed my tour meal voucher and saw that a spicy jerk chicken plate was an option, I jumped on it.  The first indication that maybe I made a mistake was the fact that there was no line there --- at lunch time, in Union Station.  I ordered the spicy jerk chicken plate -- two pieces (both drumsticks particularly chosen by the counter guy), rice with a few beans thrown in, boiled cabbage. I got a Coke, which he didn't put any ice in.  The chicken was good, falling off the bone, but as others have mentioned, it was not technically jerk. The seasoning was just...off. I could almost detect the promise of jerk under the spice, but it was sort of like seeing something out of the corner of my eye -- one moment there, but when I tried to really find the right flavor profile in the next taste, it would disappear. I didn't find it overly spicy. I could have probably had it kicked up a notch, actually.  The sides were both pretty unremarkable, particularly the cabbage.  My search continues.	 1
*sigh*  i know, it's chain food...in a food court...of a train station.  i know i'm pickier than most when it comes to caribbean food b/c i'm used to the homemade goodness that restaurants just can't seem to replicate.  i know!  but i still somehow had a twinge of hope.  i should've known better. i should've gone with one of the basic burger & fry or suspect burrito & taco places in the food court b/c at least then i would have no hope and know to keep my expectations very low.  but i allowed myself to get a little excited when i saw jamaica jamaica island grill, and from there, there was nowhere to go but down.    menu/offerings.  okay.  WTH is the point of the menu if the only offerings are what you see put out behind the sneeze guard/what they decided to cook *that day*?!     plantain on the menu.  yay!  i love plantain like cookie monster loves cookies.   no plantain today.    sour sop drink? OMG! so hard to find in the states!!!  i gotta have me some of that.   no sour sop today.    i see sorrel on the menu...do you have that?  and is it sweet or tart? huh?  sweet or tart salt?  (said while extending a hand full of take-out salt packets to me.  really.)  *facepalm*  NO.  sorrel.  the drink?  it's on the menu.  do you have it today? sorry...no sorrel.  rinse & repeat for a few more entrees and i finally gave up asking.  they didn't even have ting!  in a jamaican food establishment.  no ting!  argh!  i eyeballed the suspect-looking curry, cabbage, mac & cheese, and sauteed vegetables.  nothing looked too appetizing so i went with what was left which also was what looked safest/most appetizing [relatively speaking]: the jerk chicken and rice & peas.    JJIS:  you get 2 sides, miss. SD:  i don't want any of those other sides. JJIS: you want double rice? SD: no thank you.  can i get an extra piece of chicken instead? JJIS: uuummm... (with a very, "we're not supposed to do that" look)  points b/c i got the extra chicken after all.  it was not terrible, but it was FAR from great.  and jerk, it was not.  spicy, yes....jerk, no.  unfortunately, it was very greasy too.  i'll give it to them that the chicken was well-seasoned and crisp on the outside while juicy on the inside.  but the grease factor and the fact that it in in no way tasted like jerk spices ruined it for me.  the rice & peas actually wasn't that bad.  nowhere near as good as grandma's (panama), auntie's (barbados & guyana) or would've been mother-in-law's (trinidad), but it'd be alright w/ a good curry or some callaloo on top.    i don't see myself going back to JJIS grill though.  whappen my jamaican bredren?   whoooo boy!  dis food does NOT represent you well aaht aahhll.  raatid! :-(	 1
The food tasted okay but then my lip began twitching after eating this food. They must use MSG.  Also its pointless for them to have a menu if they only offer what they have that day.	 1
Sadly, there is a new entry on my "Worst Restaurants in the U.S." list.  This entry hails from the food court located on the lower level of Union Station in Washington, D.C.  Their menu boasts a large selection of traditional Jamaican fare.  The menu might be a bit more useful if it ranked its food by sodium content.  My 4-piece jerk chicken box was unbearably salty.  Beyond that, it was equally unbearably spicy.  As a point of reference, I beat the phaal challenge at Brick Lane Curry House, so I have credibility to complain when food is too spicy, something I have never done before until now.  Making matters even worse, the pieces of chicken were unsightly being a uniform shade of black.  Huh?  The black beans on the side were nearly as regrettable.  The food wasn't too expensive at all, but that does not take into account that I had to throw away no less than 3 of those 4 chicken pieces making what I actually ate pretty expensive for what I got.  Avoid like the plague.	 1
I'd been here a couple of times for drinks before, and came for the first time for brunch yesterday, and this place is as amazing for brunch as it is for drinks.   First things first, they take online reservations for brunch and accommodate large groups, which is amazing in itself.  Onto the food itself, I got the ricotta crepes and the croque Madame to share with a friend. The croque Madame was delicious and the potatoes served with them were the right amount of spicy and flavourful. The ricotta stuffed crepes had pieces of dark chocolate on it, and were light yet wonderful.   Would highly recommend Maven, both for brunch in small or large groups, and drinks!	 0
We came here for a nightcap last week based on a recommendation from a friend of mine. We had one drink a piece and we were there for less than thirty minutes, but that was enough to let us know that this place is something special. The previous night I went to a couple of cocktail bars downtown, and while they were really good, this place scores much higher in the originality department. They are really trying to do something different and unique here and I really respect that.  The drink I ordered was a riff of a Corpse Reviver #2; a gin drink with lillet, curacao, lemon juice and a dash of absinthe. It's not my kind of drink and not something that I would normally order. The only time that I've tasted them is when I used to bartend at a cocktail back in Philly, but the riff sounded very enticing when I read it on the menu. It was infused with coriander and ginger and was served on ice in a highball glass instead of straight up in a martini glass. The drink looked beautiful and tasted amazing and all of the flavors came through and complemented each other flawlessly. I even clapped my hands after my second sip. After we finished we thanked the bartender who was obviously very passionate about his work, but also very approachable and humble. I immediately texted some friends of mine telling them that they need to check it out.  As good as my drink was, I'm glad that I was able to limit myself to one-and-done. Six years ago I probably would have stuck around for several more, but this place was a perfect reminder that sometimes one is all you need.	 0
Got to give these guys a shout out -- I've been twice now and that, alongside it being my "hood", makes me a regular.   They do some kind of magic absinthe drink that I've seen with my eyes and smelt with my nose, but not yet tasted. Third time's the charm. I have, however, had their Tom Collins, and it's a delight -- better than the tequila Collins they list on the menu, in my humble opinion.  Brunch is a dream of gorgeous eggs benedict with a little spicy kick and a smattering of these delightful little fried potato squares. I believe "home fries" would be the native term. Not sure what us Brits would call them -- sautéed potatoes?! It's like bubble and squeak, but tidier and without the rest of it. Whatever, they're delicious and I love them. Is it Sunday yet?  The staff are fab. They have weird ceiling lampshades that, if you accidentally take a video of them, look like alien spaceships or something.	 0
Me: I'm getting the burger, are you getting the burger? Lets split a burger and get something else.  Nothing else sounds good, should we both just get burgers?  I kind of want something sweet, maybe we should get a burger and french toast.  I didn't see any photos for the french toast, so we should pass.  Lets just both get burgers.  Unless you want something else?  If you want something else we can get a burger and something different.  You know what, let's just each get a burger.  Friend: Ok.  Burger w/ Fried egg and potatoes - First thought that came to mind, HUGE.  Second thought after taking a bite, good thing I got my own burger.  The burger was perfectly cooked, juicy, and had lots of flavor.  Potatoes were okay.  Friendly staff, good burger.	 0
Order the eggs Benedict for brunch! It's delicious. We only waited 20 mins when we arrived at noon on a Saturday afternoon. Quite reasonable for quality weekend lunch/brunch.	 0
Meh. Came for brunch, got an oyster scramble that sounded interesting. It was very bland. I asked for some salt, pepper, hot sauce - things that should have been on the table - and the waiter looked like i had put in a huge custom order.  Ten minutes later he returns with little dishes with salt and hot sauce in them, forgot the pepper. Five minutes later the pepper arrives. At that point the eggs were cold. I'm not sure why a restaurant wouldn't just have shakers ready for use. It is a problem that most restaurants have solved.	 1
This place is incredible. Whether you're going on a date, catching up with a friend, or dining alone, Maven is a classy restaurant to do any of the above. My boyfriend and I spontaneously came here for dinner as we were bar hopping along Haight. We were greeted then seated at the bar. We had plenty to drink that evening but could not resist the suggested pair cocktails. We ordered the 5 Spot, which the bartender graciously split into two small glasses.  We shared the Chinatown Duck Sliders, Crispy Brussel Sprouts, and Potato Gnocchi. Perfect portions and very tasty. My favorite is the gnocchi. Would definitely recommend sharing a few dishes here. The high ceiling made me notice the upstairs seating, which seemed cool. This restaurant is so aesthetically pleasing - it definitely enhances the experience on top of the delicious food. Would definitely come here again!  ADDITION ON 4/27/2016: After polling a few friends about Maven, it was decided that this was the place to visit for brunch, so Nina Y and I added this to our list of Sunday adventures. And now I must say, this is definitely in the top five brunch places I have been to in all of the Bay Area!! The same excellent service mentioned above still applies. Get there right when Maven opens at 11am to optimize your chance of snatching a seat.  Nina and I split the Tropical Sundae French Toast and the Pork Belly Eggs Benedict. SO GOOD. We ordered the smaller portion of French Toast, which was a perfect amount of sweet to compliment the savory Eggs Benedict. Nina knows that I judge every brunch place on its potatoes and Bloody Mary, and both of those blew me out of the water at Maven. I nearly cried of happiness when I finally found a Bloody Mary in San Francisco that exceeded all of my expectations in terms of flavor and spiciness. Would recommend everything that we ordered, and I'll probably be back here again for both brunch and dinner!!	 0
(This review shall be titled "Dare I Say...")  Dare I say that Maven has become my favorite place to eat and drink in San Francisco?  Looking for a last-minute place for a Friday date night with my girlfriend, we scored a same-day reservation for dinner at 6:45pm. We were seated in the rear of the restaurant at the high-seated bar area looking directly into the kitchen. It would have been cooler to sit upstairs overlooking the entire restaurant, but I digress...  Maven prides itself on its craft cocktails and pairing them with elaborately concocted bar bites, and neither disappointed.  My girlfriend and I generally gravitate toward the following things when we peruse any cocktail menu: 1) drinks with egg whites, 2) drinks with mezcal, and 3) drinks with a lot of listed ingredients. Following that rubric, we tried the 5 Spot, the Chevelle, The Original Whisper, the Expatriate, the Purple Reign, and the Money Tree. Yes, we ordered six $10-13 cocktails in one sitting, and yes, they were all worth it. Dare I say that each of the cocktails was unlike anything we had ever tried before in San Francisco, each having its own unique character and flavor to it. One can definitely tell how much care and attention is put into the crafting of each cocktail, and that every cocktail on the menu is listed there purposefully.  To that same extent, the food held its own and was not overshadowed in creativity or flavor by the cocktails. We ordered the Thai Noodle Salad, the Chinatown Duck Sliders, the Satter Farm Chicken, and the Kennebec Fries. For those that have an aversion to fish sauce, the Thai Noodle Salad had just enough without overpowering the dish. The duck in the sliders was juicy and savory, contrasting with the crunch of the perfectly toasted roll. The fries were crisp and paired wonderfully with the olive aioli. And the Satter Farm Chicken served with focaccia and garlic honey was a unique and shareable entree.  As if we hadn't already had enough, we reached for dessert and ended our meal on the Peach Cobbler with vanilla honey ice cream and French pressed coffee for two.  In reflection after this journey of indulgence, I must say that for the ease of making a reservation, for its price point, and for the quality and creativity of the food and drink it produces, Maven is one of the best finds, not just outside of the Mission or Soma, but dare I say, in all of San Francisco.	 0
What a quaint little spot! Emphasis on little. Although a bit cramped, I love the ambiance of this place. It was a little unexpected, but this place commemorates (fictional/non-fictional) boxing's all-time greatest. Loved the quote painted on the wall and the retro boxing gloves hanging by the cashier.   Ok, onto the coffee.. I ordered a latte with almond milk and my boyfriend got a simple iced coffee. Both came out to $9 even. Typical hipster coffee price. Not mad about it all because the quality of their coffee is so worth it! I'm a stickler for strong coffee and I need it in a precise way. I took one sip into my heart-shaped latte and fell in love. It was rich, creamy, velvety, and kicked me with caffeine. Just the way I like it! I happily sipped my cup outside, on a rare sunny day.   Side note: the cashier was a bit snooty and kept conversation short. It's cool. Their exceptional quality in coffee makes up for it. I'll be here more often to try everything.	 0
Even if it was just a little neighborhood coffee spot with nothing more than their amazing beverage selection and some generic muffins, the charming ambiance, tasty coffee, and friendly service would still probably earn it five stars in my book. But what takes The Richfield above and beyond is their unique and delicious food menu. I was obsessed with the black sesame ricotta toast topped with fresh strawberries and coconut. I've never seen this combo anywhere else but as soon as I spotted it on the menu it was a where-have-you-been-all-my-life type of moment!   Though it's teeny with just a few small tables, it's a great addition to this neighborhood and I'm jealous of people who live in the area and can stop by on the regular. I'll definitely be back on my next trip to SF!	 0
This place was so great. Loved the avocado toast, which was so unique because it had pickles in it! Very tasty. I also had hot earl gray tea... so delicious! Friendly staff, too.	 0
One of my favorite coffee shops in the city, (and I've been to over 50 in SF). What sets this apart? It sits on a neighborhoody street and the few tables inside make it a cozy atmosphere.  The flat white is excellent.  Not many places in the city offer one, and it tastes like the ones in New Zealand. (Starbucks offers a flat white, but isn't nearly as good).   The Brekky sandwich (folded omelette, bacon and cheddar) was delicious! The housemade Hawaiian bread took it to the next level.   Would definitely recommend coming here to have coffee with a friend or bring a book and settle in.	 0
Thank god for The Richfield. My weekend mornings would be so much worse without you. Located on a concrete island, and with a small interior, I wouldn't exactly call this cafe a "destination". However, as neighborhood coffee shops go, The Richfield is as good as they get! It seems like most of the customers are regulars, and you'll always find a couple cute dogs tied up outside patiently waiting. It can get a little crowded, but I've never had trouble finding a table.  The lattes are amazing and probably my favorite in the city. They have a subtle nutty, roasted taste. The cold brew and regular coffee are great too. I've had the avo toast and the black ricotta sesame toast, and both are very tasty.  Honestly, these days you could throw a rock anywhere in SF and hit a place that has avocado toast and fancy coffee. It's harder to find a place with a perfect combination of good food, good coffee, good people, and good vibes. The Richfield doesn't disappoint.	 0
it was really an accidental find of this little coffee shop. i parked closed to this shop and went for lunch. but we could definitely smell the coffee... so nice!  so when we came back , we decided to have some coffee. 2 regular latte and one decaf. all hand made with love!	 0
I can't believe how people are raving about this place. Seriously? Kings Hawaiian bread? You mean the bread they sell at Safeway for $5 a pan loaf since I was a kid? My black sesame ricotta toast (could hardly taste black sesame) was sliced to an average bread slice thickness layered with 9 thin strawberry slices.  My $2.50 brew coffee was served in a cup that was probably no more than 8oz, maybe 6. Tasted like something I could have made with my Mr. Coffee at home.  From what I could see, the breakfast sandwich also seemed lackluster for its $7.   Service was slow. Front guy seemed to know most of the people in line and asked how their weekend was which is nice for them but slows service to a snail's pace and makes newcomers (such as myself) feel like I'm on the outside of the incrowd (just sayin). The other girl working there had a less than pleasant attitude.   I also don't understand menus that have "specials" with arbitrary names but doesn't explain what the drinks are. And not like I'm gonna ask the flat-affect faces behind the counter.   If you are local and don't do at-home coffee, this might be the hipster place for you. But if you're looking for somewhere to socialize with a nice ambience, good food, and warm customer service, I'd honestly skip this place.	 1
Best coffee in the Richmond! Strong enough but not burnt. Good temperature instead of the roasting hot stuff you get elsewhere. Great texture of milk with pretty latte art. Friendly service.	 0
Cute little hallway/hole in the wall place. I found it on yelp and it was within walking distance to my hotel. I happened to get there right as someone was leaving so I got seated right away (and then the people started showing up). Not that many places to sit, but it's all good.  Staff is friendly, cooks hustle to get the food out and you can watch them cook.   I got the french toast with fresh fruit, which was filling. Definitely something to get while your there. Quick to get you your food, and your check, as they're trying to turn over service. Good place to go	 0
To be fair, the omelettes are pretty good. The millionaire bacon is way overrated; it's too chewy and sweet with not enough smoky bacon flavor. The real reason for the one star though is the horrific food poisoning I got from the hollandaise sauce in the eggs Benedict, which was bland and disappointing,and a few hours later resulted in three solid days of violent stomach cramps and all the rest of the colorful side effects that accompany a salmonella infection.  Also, the place has horrifically long lines and is super cramped, probably mostly because finding any decent breakfast in this part of SF is pretty difficult. (edited because spelling on mobile is hard)	 1
I am a breakfast person. No, let me rephrase... I am an everything at anytime kind of person.   However, I am not an American breakfast kind of gal. I am not a fan of bacon, eggs are boring, and pancakes are tiring.  But one needs fuel and the breakfast spot was close to the hotel so BF and I stopped by. I had no expectations, and I am glad I did because it turned to be excellent.  I ordered the SAILORS HASH.  If you like hash browns, and you like crab and you like eggs and you like cheese and you have good taste in food, get this! The food was solid. Good flavor, good crab bite, slight bit of spice from jalapeno, and nice smoked salmon on top. In my opinion, this is the best breakfast plate I have ever ate.   On the other side of the table, my partner got the Swedish pancakes with the millionaire bacon. He thoroughly enjoyed his pancakes and his bacon.  Overall, I would definitely come here again if I was staying in SF. The place is small so come early in the morning to grab a seat.	 0
Love this little coffee shop! It has maybe 8 tables and is very narrow. As soon as you walk in, the grill is on the left and several men are cooking. Since we are staying at the hotel across the street, we ordered food and brought it back to our hotel.   We ordered two eggs with breakfast sausage, mixed greens and sour dough bread. My husband ordered two eggs, hash browns.  The food was plentiful and extremely delicious!  I will return!	 0
The epitome of an excellent hole in the wall -- Taylor Street Coffee Shop is a thin sliver of a restaurant with their kitchen in the front and seating in the back. There is usually a line, but I've always felt that it moves pretty darn fast, probably because the clientele isn't prone to lingering but enjoying delicious food and being on their way. The service is super snappy but still friendly and very attentive, so that really contributes to the high turn around rate.   However, it's the food here that keeps me coming back again and again (especially the morning after jumping around at Ruby Skye). Any of their scrambles are delicious, but I'm definitely a sucker for their Sailors Hash which has crab meat in it. The habanero onion that comes with some dishes is very spicy, but delicious at the same time and really makes me wish I could tolerate spicy food. :( The millionaire's bacon seems to be their trademark menu item and it's a thick slab of what is essentially bacon candy -- smokey, sweet, sticky, and a little addicting.   Finish off your meal with their fresh OJ that's squeezed in the backroom and you'll be one happy camper ^_^	 0
After unsuccessfully visiting Taylor Street Coffee Shop on my last visit to SF, I decided to bring my friends this time. Perfect since we wanted to grab sweet potato lattes from Joy's Place & had to return our car rental down the block from the coffee shop.  After debating heavily on what to get, I finally settled for the crab omelette w/ a side of fresh fruit & whole wheat bread (I know... a bit on the healthier side). The omelette was wholesome & delicious w/ chunks of crab meat, onions, cheese & tomatoes. And adding their hot sauce ketchup, deliciousssss! Plus, the fresh fruit was worth the extra cost (bananas, strawberries, cantaloupe, oranges, etc. & they did not kid about fresh!).  My friends got the sailor hash & the Taylor hash. Both were pretty dope. All the flavor was there. Large portions. Great hearty dishes to satisfy a hungry hippo.  Casual. Low key setting. Great for breakfast & a must in the downtown area!	 0
Fresh fruit with yogurt and granola was excellent.  Fruit was fresh - perfect condition.	 0
This place is worth the wait! It's a little hole in the wall joint that can be difficult to find, but once you do expect a line.   ***I suggest while you wait in line, grab a look at the menu and plan what you can order so you can get the food fast and fresh.***  After seeing so many food pictures, the Sailor's hash got my attention. Seafood for breakfast? That could be a stretch, but give it a try!   When the dish came out, you can immediately smell the explosion of flavors hitting your face. They even created a salmon Rose which was extremely moist and fresh. From the shrimp, to the hashbrowns, and all of the seafood, this dish was perfect in a combination of different flavors in one bite.   Easily a 5/5 dish, from presentation, to smell, to how amazing it taste without any additional seasoning or sauces!	 0
this place is amaze balls. So good, i came twice in a row.  first day, i got there before the restaurant opened at 7. I was jet lagged and in NY time, so i was up at 5am and HUNGRY.   the best combination of breakfast items consists of this: - 2 eggs over easy (can't go wrong) - millionaires bacon (sweet, spicy, fatty) - fruit salad side (legit fruit salad!! banana, kiwi, strawberry, grapes, cantaloupe) - toasted english muffin with butter - side of avocado - piping hot coffee!!!  their hash is ALSO amazing if you're up for something more mixed together.   will be back.. pretty much every time i'm in SF. YUM	 0
This breakfast spot was rated the best in San Fran and for good reason. First of all, it was not touristy at all, all locals. Don't get turned off by the line outside the door, because it moves super quick.   There are only a few tables inside, but service is fast. Everything my husband and I ordered was delicious!   We tried the super thin Swedish pancakes (to die for), the breakfast melts and the Greek Yogurt fruit bowl. The pancakes were almost a cross between a crepe and a pancake. The yogurt bowl is filled with super fresh fruit and the best granola I have ever had. Definitely worth the wait!   We stayed in San Fran for two days, and went back for breakfast each day.	 0
I really liked it here - I was hungover (maybe still drunk) and the 20 minute wait in line was totally worth it. I'd looked at the menu already and knew that I had to have the Hollandaise Hash - seasoned hash brown topped with Bacon, habanero infused onion, mushroom, tomato, bell pepper - hollandaise.   There isn't much seating but the service is quick and the food is delicious. The hash was amazing - the perfect breakfast and made even better because I upgraded my bacon to Millionaires. Totally worth it.   Like everyone says, there's a queue - we were here around 9.30am on a Friday morning and by the time we left, the queue was twice as long.	 0
We went in on a Sunday around noon and there was no wait. We ordered an assortment of meals as a group and each one was greater than the next. We got the California omelette (delicious) we got the southwestern omelette (exceptional) we got the French toast (perfect) & a regular eggs & bacon breakfast. Everything was great. Service and staff were very friendly and quick! They only have indoor seating in a small narrow seating area but it works! The only thing I didn't like was the "millionaire bacon" it's super sweet and not at all crispy. I would stick to their regular bacon. Go here for breakfast you won't regret it!	 0
LOVE THIS PLACE!..... The Smoked trout toast is amazing, made with fabulous bread which isn't sweet......Coming from the U.K. I don't generally like bread in the U.S.... I had the kombucha which I'm addicted to and it's the first time I've seen it on tap. Got to try the almond butter toast with spicy jelly next time..... A hip petite cafe everyone should try...a nice addition to the hood!	 0
Such a simple concept of coffee and toast and it is SO dang good!  Was walking around for some coffee and randomly stumbled upon this cute little gem. Immediately my eyes read "avocado toast" so of course I had to have it and got myself a nice burnt caramel latte.  Avocado toast was EVERYTHANNNNNG! The garlic oil and the hefty amount of pepper was right up my alley and the bread is from the baker that used to work at Tartine so how can this not be a win?  Came back two days later and ordered the cream cheese toast and the spicy pb and blackberry jelly (they have some interesting spicy jellies but I wanted something sweet) and both were so good!  Please do yourself a favor and stop by this place -if not for the good coffee but that avocado toast!	 0
Hidden gem alert!!!! Little space that serves up a great cup of coffee and even better toast options..  you might be asking now .. toast? What?   Now order the follow and judge for yourself;  -Avocado toast: if you like avocado you'll LOVE this  -Cream cheese toast with oil and fresh cracked pepper was bomb!   As for the coffee?  Burnt caramel latte... no questions asked, just order it now	 0
How cute! A little hole in the wall coffee shop on Geary. Pick up some coffee and bakery goods here before you gallery hop your way up and down the street!  Baristas are radical, coffee is great.  Bonus--They serve pastries from Jane, which is an amazing bakery and cafe in its own right. The toasts at Scullery look absolutely unique and delicious.	 0
Great addition to the neighborhood and this stretch of Geary! Along with Jane and Hookers, Scullery joins a great group of coffee shops in "tenderloin heights" and I'm very impressed with the coffee, food, and service after my first visit this morning.  The shop itself is pretty small--maybe 8 stools? Bright yellow stools and beautiful wood counter tops. I had a latte and the cream cheese toast with olive oil, salt and pepper. My partner had the sausage croissant from Jane.  Latte was ONE OF THE BEST I'VE EVER HAD! Give your barista a raise! So so good! Cream cheese toast was really yummy too. Reminded me of the toast at the Mill. Pastry was delicious--as expected--we love Jane pastries!   Owner and people who work here are lovely and not pretentious. As with all new businesses in the rapidly gentrifying Tenderloin, I hope they donate leftover food to shelters/pantries and hire/train people from the neighborhood. A "charity of the month" jar and some sort of matching by the owner would also be a nice nod to the nabe. Can't wait to return!	 0
I'm loving this place. The coffee is great. The staff are friendly. The toasts are delicious. I've had the avocado, trout, and spicy chutney/almond butter.... so good!	 0
So there is a Tenderloin God: Nitro coffee Avocado toast with garlic oil Floor to ceiling glass window to Geary st without the crazies coming in Dog friendly Nice people Three chutneys and two jellies! Less than a block away Yasss	 0
I literally am obsessed with this place since they opened. One thing I really like is that they really know their coffee . In addition to this, their avocado toast is to die for. I definitely recommend this place if you are in the neighborhood.	 0
Super cute cafe with lovely staff and delicious toasts! Also the best cappuccino art I've experienced in person.	 0
It's Sunday morning..I'm sitting up in bed listening to Phillip Glass and All Things Considered Morning Edition. The suns' warm glare is shining through the window and leaves flutter outside.  I just had a cup of rich, full bodied coffee and a fabulously delicious, generously sized slice of fresh bread slathered in butter and cinnamon + sugar.  WHAT a lovely way to spend a Sunday morning.   Scullery just opened it's doors on the floor level of my apartment building.  On the corner of Geary and Leavenworth, this cafe is an oasis in the Tenderloin.  I've only found two other really good coffee shops in the TL, and they're a significant walk away (too far for a lazy morning when I'm not ready to fully engage with the city).  Most cafe's in the neighborhood offer overpriced, Folgers grade coffee, and stale and underwhelming pastries (Egregious, really).   Thus far I've only tried their drip coffee and cinnamon sugar toast.  Both were amazing- the toast is on par with (maybe even better?) The Mill, Jane, Philz, Dottie's True Blue, etc. I look forward to trying every other thing on their menu.  Next on my list, the Tenderloin Cold Brew and Avocado toast.   To sum it up: Super Stoked (!!) this place is here.  Quality (and pricing) is competitive with the best and most notable cafe's in the city, honestly.    Owners: PLEASE offer larger sizes of coffee. Pretty pretty please. I will legit promise to buy coffee from you 3-5x per week if you begin offering a large size.    Thank you! 5 Stars!	 0
Come in here if you do like good customer service, great coffee and awesome toasts.  It has just opened and we can't help coming here every weekend. Keep it up guys!	 0
The food was absolutely delicious and the service was impeccable.  Everyone who we spoke with was very knowledgable about all the dishes and wines.    We had the Meatless Kibbeh and Charcuterie Plate to start.  Both were delicious and a great way to satisfy the palette to start.  I then had the soup and for the main course I had the chicken - so juicy and flavorful!  It came with mushrooms that my parents were in love with - they were a certain type of mushroom that they used to eat all the time as kids in Russia but haven't seen them anywhere since!  The other members of my party had the Short Rib and the Duck Breast and said they were delicious as well.  Thanks, Jardiniere, for an amazing dinner experience!	 0
Gasp.  Came here right before seeing the Nutcracker a couple weeks ago WITHOUT reservations and they were completely full. The bar was semi-empty and they were serving the full menu so we decided to sit there. Honestly, I didn't really expect to be mind-blown, but oh em gee....  Ordered: x CAVIAR WITH TRADITIONAL GARNISH - I've never ordered JUST caviar so this was a first for me. I was completely blown away by this one... the pancakes, the toppings, the caviar... everything came together perfectly with each bite. It's probably one of the best things I ever ate in my life. Expensive, but so worth it. x CHARLESTON GOLD RICE (burgundian truffle, squash, pine nut, koji) - YUMMY. Ordered the supplemental white alba on top and it was perfection. A very rich, filling dish. I'm not the biggest fast of pine nuts but it worked with this dish.  So happy I got to try this place. I want to come back for the tasting menu! Our bartender was super laid back. A+ for service.	 0
we came here for a Saturday  night out and had an enjoyable experience. I love the interior design of the restaurant dining  area and bar/lounge. the service is also top notch! quality of food was great, we did feel the fries were a bit salty and expensive but they  replaced  them right away. All of the other food was excellent!  we want to come back and try the impossible burger it is suppose to be entirely meatless but taste very similar  in texture and taste to meat and only served in the lounge.  drop by if in the mood for great tasting, high quality food!	 0
Impossible Burger Review!!!  Yes, it has finally arrived! To those of you who are not in the know (probably mostly meat eaters), the Impossible Burger is an ambitious 5 years in the making, $190 million dollar project to recreate your traditional beef patty. The result? A completely plant-based vegan patty that looks, tastes, has the same texture, cooks, and even "bleeds" like real meat.  Crazy. And completely unheard of until now.  If you told me 12 years ago when I first went vegetarian that I would be able to eat faux meat that mimicked real meat exactly, I would have called you a liar. Back then, all we had were Boca patties, which tasted like cardboard.  Anyway, the Impossible Burger first released in NYC to resounding excitement, selling out every night to lines out the door. Now, Jardiniere and Cockscomb are the 2 locations in SF who are dishing out the Impossible. Jardiniere only serves it for dinner in its lounge area after 7:30pm.  Here's what you have to do:  -A limited number of tickets are handed out at EXACTLY 7pm. 1 ticket per person. You cannot acquire an additional ticket for anybody, so if anyone is running late-tough luck! -They are served only in the Bar & Lounge area, and seats went fast. (So if you have a ticket and no table, still gotta wait!) -I arrived at 6pm on Tuesday night and it was still pretty empty. I was able to snag a nice table in the lounge area. -They start serving at 7:30pm, however realistically it was more like 7:45pm because of the rush.   As for the main attraction: How was the Impossible Burger?  Chef Traci Des Jardin's Impossible Burger was served with caramelized onion, avocado, special sauce and a side of pommes frites.  At first glance, it actually looks like a real burger. Which, if you did not know it was vegan, one would think it just looks like a fancy, yet standard burger. But that's what makes it so crazy. It's not real meat! I took the top bun off to stare at it some more. It is seared on the outsides, but a bright pink/red peeping out the middle. It wasn't "bleeding" anymore because it was cooked, but you can definitely tell that the patty was red when it started. Also, it had that fatty glisten to it, just like a real meat burger. Then, I cut into the burger. It had that soft texture of ground beef. It was a light pink on the inside. It was the craziest thing ever.  As for the taste? Unbelievable. It tasted like real meat! I was dining with 2 omnivores, and another person who only went vegan 2 months ago. Everyone agreed that it had an eerily similar texture and taste to meat. Hell, it probably was more like meat than McDonald's burgers!  As a long-time Veg*n, my mind was completely blown. I had to put my fork down every now and then to study the patty. I just didn't quite get how it could be done.  The preparation of the burger was spot on. The buns were very flavorful, and the caramelized onions added flavor without overpowering the dish. All the ingredients blended perfectly together, while still allowing the burger's flavor to shine. Oh! and the fries were perfectly crisp too!  Now, how do I feel about the Impossible Burger? I think it is an amazing concept, especially for veg*ns who miss the taste of meat. (Contrary to what some people think, people don't necessarily go vegetarian because we hate the taste of meat, we do it because of animal welfare/environmental/health/etc reasons.)  It's a great way to help people transition into vegetarianism. Plus, it's a wonderful way for meat-eaters to incorporate more plant-based food into their diet without sacrificing taste. Producing meat requires so much water & land and is a heavy pollutant. Factory farming is one of the largest causes of Co2 emissions and greenhouse gasses, contributing to global warming. And of course, the needless suffering and killing of animals.  To those who are thinking, "Ew! But it's processed food! It's made in a LAB!"  The burger is made from wheat, potato protein, coconut oil! It's really nothing to be 'scared' of. And think about it, how much processed food do you eat every day? Everything is 'processed' now. And many additives in your food are made in a...you guessed it, a lab! (Artificial/natural "flavoring," food dyes, etc).  And think about how terrible the meat quality the average American eats. Full of hormones and anti-biotics.  I bet the Impossible Burger, though "processed," still uses higher quality plant-based ingredients than most of the food in your grocery store. (Remember they spent $190 million to develop this?)  To get back to my point, I enthusiastically welcome the Impossible Burger to the world, and hope that one day soon it will be widely released and available to any restaurant or grocery.  Plus, it allowed me to enjoy eating at Jardiniere, a fancy French restaurant with wonderful service I would otherwise never get to dine at.  I can't wait to eat another Impossible Burger!	 0
So this is a review for the Impossible burger. Caveats made, this is not a review for the restaurant by any means. Only for this gimmick they've bought into for the foreseeable future, and their execution of it.  What an overhyped piece of...  I am getting ahead of myself. Let me explain. So, though I am not a vegetarian, I have eaten ALOT of fake meat in my time. I am very very familiar with the substance that gives this impossible burger its texture, AKA TVP, textured vegetable protein. I myself buy it by the pound to use as a meat substitute in mapo tofu. So it would take a miracle for me not to recognize the texture of this burger, so I did not come in with the allusion that I would be bowled over by its true meatlike texture. That said, I came for the promise of "blood" or juice, which is truthfully missing from most veggie burgers.   What I didn't realize was that the impossible burger's promise of "heme" actually tastes alot like coconut oil. Another thing I am intimately familiar with as I am South Asian, so we either "marinate" (ok, condition) our hair in it (which is what I've done for most of my life), or we fry things in it like plaintain chips, fritters, etc. The latter use of it makes my stomach turn in indian food, so when that rush of fake meat juice made it into my mouth, I knew immediately that this was not for me.  Look, let me level with you. This is perhaps most akin to a greasy diner burger, not an upscale 17 dollar experience, albeit sitting in the bar using an ottoman as a table. The burger, in my humble opinion, is dressed completely wrong for the fatty taste it has. I think it needed more acid, a tangy sauce, tomato, sour pickle, something. I don't eat beef, so I've never tried the whole kobe/wagyu type of burger, and maybe this is more akin to that, but I left queasy.  Give me Popsons quinoa, beet, black bean burger over this anyday!	 1
So I stumbled across heaven from a good friend of mine- Jardineire! The home of the world famous impossible burger, well if you've never heard of the impossible burger than do you your homework on it cause it's Screamin! So I walk in about 7:30 with a good friend, he's been pumping it up the whole way there, we walk up to the hostess and get two tickets to the big show starring the impossible burger.. now I must let you know that the place is a little foo foo and can be intimidating to the average person but I look it as a great dinner for 16 beans to eat at one of the best restaurants in San Francisco!  In about 20 min the impossible burger was there and I must admit it was the best burger I've ever had (I like to think I'm a burger guru) If you are a vegan and you haven't tried it, take my word it's a must try	 0
My family and I came here specifically for The Impossible Burger (Veggie), which is only served on select days. So, consult the web site BEFORE going.  We went on a Saturday evening, and there was already a line out the door before the restaurant opened (5PM) to get a ticket to come back at 7:30PM when they begin serving the burger.  The ambience is upscale, but the maitre'd and the wait staff were very accommodating to my family that featured an energetic 2-year-old.  The Burger is served in the lounge area, which has a mixture of bar seating and lounge chairs with low tables.  So, try to arrive a little before 7:30 to get a comfy spot.  With all the logistics out the way, let's get to the actual Burger.  The taste, texture, and presentation were the real deal. The Burger was greasy without being ridiculously greasy. The "meat" was pink and appeared to bleeding, presumably from beet juice or some other natural coloring.  The flavor was outstanding. The cheese, pickles, dressing, the combination of ingredients collaborated to produce a Burger that tastes like a real burger. I almost felt guilty for having a Burger after eating it and had to remind myself that it was healthy!  I can't wait to try it again!	 0
Impossible Burger! $16 a burger with a sides of fries and a pickle.    Came here around 7:10pm just for the plant-based burger. Come get a ticket around 7pm, they only have 50/night. We came and managed to get 2, 46 & 47. It was packed in the lounge/lobby area where you can grab a seat and wait till 7:30pm which is when they serve the burger. Come early and grab a seat since the lobby was packed and we only found 1 seat at the bar.   The burger was delicious with grilled onions, avocado, lettuce, aioli spread, and diced pickles. (I hate pickles and didn't even noticed it!) The "meat" was red and bleeding just like meat. It was a bit crumbly but moist. It's only seasoned with salt and pepper so you can taste the "meatiness". The grilled onions and avocado bring out more of the flavor but compared to the Impossible Burger in NYC, this one is lacking some flavor. It does have more of a "meatiness" taste but overall the burger in NYC is better. The bun in Jardiniere was too thick for my liking.   Overall, still a fantastic began plant-based burger that taste like the real deal, but if you compare it to the NYC location, NYC is better.	 0
I came to Jardinière for dinner & after some debate, ended up getting the prix fixe menu. Most memorable part of my dinner? THE WINE!   Kudos to Jardinière's sommelier - I honestly don't know much about wine and we just trusted him with a white & red and he picked ones that complemented the meal amazingly! I also like that you can get half bottles here.   Items on the prix fixe were as follows:  Amuse Bouche: Of the 3 tasters, I loved the sesame crips w/ root veggies goat cheese dip. I don't usually like goat cheese but everything paired really well. The uni was a close second!  *Kusshi Oyster | Caviar: So delicious. I wanted more than just one oyster!   *Local Halibut Crudo | Cucumber, Avocado: Per our knowledgable server, local halibut is in warmer water so it's less fatty! Served with cucumber so they kept it light & fresh. Great start.   *Foie Gras Terrine | Black Trumpet Mushroom: Very interesting! The black trumpet mushroom was gelatinous so the texture was little off-putting with the terrine's texture. It was a great bite on the toasted bread though!   *Sable Fish | English Pea Chowder: I love anything with dashi! The fish itself had a delicious smokiness + the perfect amount of salt. Could eat this over & over again!   *Burrata | Asparagus, Pine Nut: I couldn't tell from the description but it was actually pasta!  Was good but nothing to really write home about.   *Aged Duck | Lentil, Salted Kumquat: Ugh, just perfect.   *Wagyu Flat Iron | Potato, Bordelaise - Because I don't eat red meat, the Chef kindly substituted this for really delicious chicken - from a local farm in Tracy - with miyataki mushrooms. Really tasty.   Dessert missed the mark for me across the board though:  *Frozen Yogurt | Strawberry, Lavender: Ehh, not really my favorite.    *Chocolate | Sunchoke Ice Cream - This also came with a sunflower crumble. Liked the textures in this one but wouldn't say I'd want to eat this over again   You also get some alcoholic tootsie rolls at the end - even if you're too full, be sure to try!!	 0
Incredible night at the lovely Jardiniere. Service was impeccable. Must try the Rib-Eye and the assortment of Cheese. Try the Lexington cocktail to start & Moral Compass to finish.	 0
OMG. Came here once and I already can't wait to go back.   Went here on a Friday around 6pm and got lucky since we didn't have to wait. The restaurant is pretty small. We ordered the Bay Shrimp Stuffed Artichoke which was refreshing but small. I would say it was nothing special and you can definitely skip that dish. Now, onto the dish that I have been dreaming about eating again, the Vongole Manilla Clams Linguini! The pasta and the sauce were cooked to perfection. After every bite, I just kept on saying "Omg this is so good". The Candy Cap Creme Brûlée was also amazing. Probably the best creme brûlée I've ever had. A little bit on the sweeter side, but I love my sweets. Service was great! The only problem I had was that the food did take a little long to come.	 0
Took my husband's family (7 of us) to this restaurant with good expectations based on the yelp reviews. It was his birthday lunch and I wanted to show his family visiting from southern CA an enjoyable time. They were excited about eating some great sf cioppino based on their delicious past experiences. I dine out with friends and family for the combination of good ambiance, good food, and good service, so here is my, and I speak for our family, review of our experience.  Food:  Linguine with clams ($24)- so salty that our grandma had to pour water over it. Use more water and lemon when working with clams... it's naturally really salty.   Salad with octopus ($22) - good dressing. Octopus was salty too... :(   Hangar steak ($32) probably the best thing we had. There were 5 thin slices of steak and 2 Brussels sprouts but they were perfectly cooked.  Cioppino ($70) - cold, took 1.5 hours, and it was not up to par with anchor oyster bar. If you know it will take a long time for cioppino, set upfront expectations and maybe show some sincere care for the people who are staring quietly at the kitchen window anticipating the hot cioppino to come out. Maybe come by and say "sorry for the wait" and it will take x more minutes... even if it's and estimate.  Service: I have lived in the Bay Area for 5 years, and I never felt so much cold shouldering and discrimination from an sf restaurant. I hate speculating this as the case but I felt like we didn't even get one warm thank you or sincere "how is everything." I asked politely "do you know how much longer the cioppino will take" and I would get a snarky "we have a lot of people today so yeah..." I realized how much attitude really impacts diners' experiences at that moment because that whole meal became a huge waste of time and money.   We we the only Asian family in the establishment... but I'm not going to assume racial prejudice. We felt it based on how we were treated compared to every other table, so I'll leave it at that.	 1
This was our second time here and our experience is consistently wonderful food and service at this small Bernal Heights gem. Hanger Steak and Trout Almondine entrées were our selections on NYE despite availability of excellent  prix fixe menu options with wine pairings. Chocolate Pot du Crème topped with fresh whipped cream and cocoa dust is an awesome desert. Though their coffee options are very limited, the house brewed regular coffee is delicious.	 0
Took my impossible to please father to this spot, and neither of us left disappointed. Well managed, good value, lots of attention to detail. The pot pie flight was a treat, and my trout and veggies were beautifully prepared. Deserving of its high rating here. Happy hour, 3-6 PM, gets you cheap oysters and drinks. Beware reviews from yelp accounts with internet photos and only one review.	 0
I have found my monthly seafood spot, and fortunately a short drive away.  My brunch date had cancelled so reached out to my backup buddy plan. Offered him something in Noe Valley (Basic) or something in Bernal Heights. We were both ready to rock Bernal Heights, and even though I'm down the road, sadly haven't explored this area enough. And even though I'm closer, he got there early.  The place is cute - a main dining area with about 8 tables, 4+ on each wall, and even a private dining room upstairs. The kitchen is visible the to the whole restaurant, and you can see and tell everything is made to order.  My buddy and I wanted to try everything, and we used the couple sitting next to us for advice. I mean, I love seafood pasta, the shrimp melt sounded good, and even the fish and chips have good reviews. As two hungry men, we decided to just share everything and had no major complaints.  -Red Trout Tartare: this came out more like a ceviche, lemon juice and oil, all. But it was a lot of trout and was absolutely delicious. Would definitely get this again. -Monterrey Bay Squid Salad: to explain how good this was, the last couple to come in both got one for themselves. Grilled and seasoned perfectly, the squidlets and meat were great. Again, must get. -Clam Chowder Pot Pie. This was the weakest of the three dishes, but was still good. Also took the longest time, so clearly was made to order. See, for me clam chowder has to pass the spoon test - you put your spoon straight in, and if it stays standing up, you have a real chowdah! This was a watery broth, and with the pie crush, was probably the sweetest clam chowder I've had. But there were good pieces of clam inside.  There was more I'd love to try, like the cioppino, the pastas, and even the mussels. They also do dessert, but we were pretty full at that point.  I'd also like to point out that the staff were wonderful. The waiter genuinely came across as loving his job, and trying to get the best meal to his customers. He constantly kept us updated on the status of our food, and was willing to answer any questions we had. It also wasn't badly priced - between these three plates, split ticket was around $30. For all the seafood, and being full, was well worth it.	 0
Grilled calamari caesar salad 5/5 I could eat so many of these... but sadly they are $19 :(   No matter... it's worth every penny, for succulent calamari on a bed of crisp romaine spears. The caesar flavor is mild. It's rich and hearty because of the small colorful cuts of calamari grilled with some amazing buttery rub, and the dressing adds a refreshing, lemony kick!  This place is a gem. Great oysters, food, wine, beers on tap, and a quaint, home-y fine-dining feel.  I will be back for Kusshis, PEIs, and any other Canadian oysters I can get my hands on.	 0
Red Hill Station has become one of my favorite restaurants in San Francisco. I've been here twice so far and can't wait to go back!  The restaurant itself is pretty small but cozy. There are tables in the front and bar seating along the open kitchen. I believe there are also some tables in the back of the restaurant for private parties.  For appetizers, I've tried the Red Trout Tartare and the Bay Shrimp Stuffed Artichoke. The tartare was more like a ceviche, which wasn't big deal. The taste was simple, but still good and refreshing. It was great that they were pretty generous with amount of fish they put in. The bay shrimp appetizer on the other hand, was really small for $16. It was a refreshing dish also, but it wasn't anything special.  For entrees, I've tried the Monterey Calamari Grilled Salad, Toasted Almond Pesto Linguini with Gulf Prawns, and Vongole Manilla Clams Linguini. I've gotten the calamari salad during both visits, because it's that good. The salad itself was very refreshing with ingredients of beets and grapefruit. The calamari was seasoned and grilled to perfection. The pesto pasta was the best I've ever had! Usually pesto pastas lack flavor, but this one was excellent. There was a great amount of sauce and the prawns were also seasoned and cooked perfectly. The clam pasta was my favorite out of everything! The linguini was cooked al dente and the sauce was nothing short of amazing. They were generous with the clams, and everything tasted really fresh.  For dessert, we got the Candy Cap Creme Brulee. It was small, but really good. It is a little sweeter than the usual creme brulee, but we didn't mind. If you're looking for something sweet at the end of the meal, that's the option to go with.  Service was great both times I've come. They checked up on us during each dish to make sure we're enjoying everything.  Overall, this is just an all around great restaurant! You won't be disappointed in anything you order. If I could give this place more than 5 stars, I would! I will be recommending this place to every seafood lover I know.	 0
I really wanted to like this place. Cute decor (although...see picture) and interesting menu.   I got the mussels and my companion ordered the burger. 15 bucks and it comes with fries. My companion said the burger was meh. My advice to the chef. Go down the street to Vega. Order the mussels. That is what mussels should taste like. Your broth is not quite  like gourmet hot dog water but it's too close for me. I wanted to like you but you make it difficult. Also, please advise your staff not to sit next to a couple who may be on a date and then proceed to make 25 phone calls confirming reservations.	 1
In this city of casual bites and gourmet new American eats, it can be tough to navigate the waters of quality against a tide of shuddering mediocrity.  Make no mistake, Red Hill Station is part of that tide.  On a Saturday I arrived and was seated quickly and comfortably by the pleasant staff.  This turned out to be the best part of the meal.  I asked about the delicious sounding linguine dishes, probably lured in by their minimal ingredients (dreaming of actual authentic Italian pasta...) and fancy price tags. Sad to hear, not fresh pasta.  I ordered their eponymous burger, rare.  In my optimism I ordered an oyster shooter also.  What arrived was more cheese than burger, and certainly not rare.  Now I don't discount a meal for a delicate cooking miss, i.e. Rare vs med rare. So that's not it. But if only you could have seen this slapdash ensemble.  Have you noticed the oyster shooter was missed?  And the misery of desiccated fries accompanying the main course. Sorry red hill, I do not love paying $20 on a burger paired with Heinz.   With a minor nudge, the oyster was remembered and created. And by that time they even offered it gratis. So basically this place when barely busy can't make a single oyster.  In any case let's summarize.  - food is not delicious or fresh. i.e. no real chef  - clearly cuts all corners (poor burger, Heinz?)  - run by amateurs who give away oysters.    If I didn't have this hangover I wouldn't have finished even a bite. Time to get ice cream.	 1
The hubby and I decided to try something different for our anniversary.  We had not planned anything.  We decided to try Red Hill Station.    WAIT TIME: There was about a 15-20 minute wait, which wasn't too bad.  The group of 3 that arrived right after us was told the wait would be 30 minutes...so it's very dependent on how many people decide to go on any given night.  The restaurant is small and pretty much full the entire time we were there.  I recommend reservations, especially if there are more than 2 people in your party.    FOOD: We started off sharing a glass of French white wine (can't remember the name) which was excellent. Hanger steak with vegetables: both the steak and the vegetables were delicious. Andouille sausage and clam pasta with garlic lemon sauce.  That was FANTASTIC!  It was very lemony.  Even my husband thought it was fantastic.   We had the funnel cake with blueberries and strawberries and decaf coffee.  Funnel cake was not quite as crunchy on the outside as I like, but it was delicious and not too sweet.  The coffee was strong, just the way I like it.  AMBIANCE & NOISE: casual and not too loud.  SERVICE: Our waitress was pleasant and helpful in explaining the items on the menu that I was not familiar with.  I will DEFINITELY go back!	 0
Best meal we had in San Fran. The calamari Cesar salad was so freaking good, I started tearing up. The fish and chips were great as well. And you start with some house made bread and olives. Such a great find. Plus you're in bernal heights so go climb up the hill, eat here, and finish with a cocktail down the road at Holy Water.	 0
A small sushi place with amazing quality fish. I went here with my mother (both obsessed with sushi and are pretty picky when it comes to sushi in SF vs. LA) and we were very impressed by the toro and toro belly. The quality of the fish was superb-melt in your mouth type nigiri.  As for the other dishes, they were one of a kind. I can confidently say that the roll I tried (it was a special and had tempura peppers but I can't remember the name) was unlike anything I've tasted before.  Not to mention that the $ was pretty reasonable considering the quality of fish!	 0
So glad that this is yet another gem of a sushi place that I can enjoy in SF! If you go here, give them a chance with some of their more creative offers and let yourself have a 5 star meal instead of a 3.5 star meal that I was going to have if I had gone the non-experimental route. I tried their tuna wrapped in fresh cucumber roll and it was hands down the highlight of the meal. The two friends that I was there with felt the same and so much so that we got a 2nd order that night. Will be back! There's very limited seating (probably enough for 12-15 people, including the seating at the sushi bar), so you might face a wait. We had a half hour wait on a Thursday night at 730PM.	 0
Great food and service!! Will come back again. Manager treated me with some much respect and food was amazing! Thank you!!	 0
Dear Domo, I love you.  Seriously.  I travel to SF a few times a year for work and eat here every. Single. Time.  At least once, usually more than once each trip.  Yes, it's that good.  It's not odd for me to eat here multiple nights in a row.  It's that good.  I refuse to tell all but a few very close colleagues where this place is, because I don't want a bunch of them coming here when 30+ of us are in town.  It's that good.    Tucked in on an alley corner, this place is tiny, with only one table for 3 and the other 15 seats or so "bar style".  I love seeing how they utilize every square inch of their space for storage, etc.  my bedroom is bigger than the entire restaurant, and I don't live in a palatial house.  Anyhow, enough about the place, now on to those scrumptious bites.    I prefer to come here with one or two people so I can order and eat a little of  everything I want from the menu, because I'm not that much of a gluttonous pig on my own.  The hulk roll, domo roll, red dragon roll, spiced tuna balls, albacore nigiri, spicy tuna, I could go on and on.  Always super fresh, always quick service.    Downfalls- usually a line (but it moves quickly), they don't serve liquor (beer, sake and plum wine only) and they don't take American Express.	 0
Visiting from LA and this place lacks in service and atmosphere. Extremely small and cramped place. I wouldn't recommend it or come back either. Sushi was okay. They also charge gratuity for a party of 5.	 1
Domo came highly recommended by my sister + brother in law who came here often when they lived in SF. Does not disappoint, despite their great hype up (that's saying a lot). Will be back many many times in the future. Didn't see anything on the menu or specials board that I'm not eager to try. Winged it for my first order, with recommendations from staff, everything was amazing. Truly delicious.	 0
A wonderful little sushi place tucked away in the picturesque portion of Hayes Valley.  I met a friend for sushi on Friday after work at 6pm and luckily since it was just the two of us we were able to easily grab seats at the bar. The restaurant is small with only a few tables but turnover seemed pretty quick.  The sushi here is fresh and the combinations are delightful.   The Domo roll was by far my favorite-packed with tons of raw fish and jalapeño slices.  The salmon citron was refreshing with just the right amount of lemon to complement the salmon.  When we left at 7:45 there was a line out the door so I suggest coming early!	 0
If you are gluten sensitive or celiac don't eat their rolls. They said it was real crab in the California roll however can I tell you it's not 100% real and they mix in the fake wheat based crab with it. I haven't been glutened this bad in a while. All I had was 4 of the Cali rolls so I know that it was the culprit.	 1
Im from chicago. I came in visiting. Im a beer guy, i love a good beer. The bartender knew his stuff and directed me towards good beer!! Now the food....Amazing! Jake shane and Katie. Do they believe their food! The wings and burgers are the shit!! Im definitely coming thru here when i come back to the bay area.  P.s. try the deep fried oreos!	 0
You want a dive bar, I'll give you a dive bar... but one with generally friendly folks and a good beer list. This checks all the marks: walls covered with stickers and other randomness, a beat-up pool table, and rockin' music.  Sadly, the vegan pub grub has become something decidedly not vegan, but it stays busy so I imagine it's pretty good.	 0
Divey and grimey ...reminds me of the old school city bars that are far and few between with the influx of millenial and hipster establishments taking over.Decent beer selection,back patio,pool tables and live music! There also is food served and the burgers looked bomb..too bad we already ate :(   Check this spot out before the gentrification get's it	 0
I used to LIVE for happy hour especially in the FiDi - drinks, cute men in suits, drinks, cute men in suits.   Did I say, cute men in suits?   Well that meant, making sure you looked cute as well...for me, that meant wearing sky high heels. Except I'm a walking calamity. Trying to walk in heels, I looked like a baby giraffe in roller skates and ended up with several sprained ankles.  These days, comfort is everything (I haven't worn heels in yeeaaars) and happy hours are a rarity. But, some days, you just need to cut lose and just don't GAF about having to impress those cute men in suits. Well, because there are none in Mission dive bars.  I was in The Mission at an appointment when my friend met up with me and said, he was hungry. I had Tater Tot with me and saw Bender's Bar on my nearby bookmarks: full bar, dog-friendly, and grub so we headed there.  Bender's is CASH ONLY but they have an ATM inside. As others have mentioned, Bender's is a smaller version of Zeitgeist but without the douchewad employees. The female bartender (blonde with sleeve tats) is super sweet and the guy with the ponytail at the Counter Offer is super friendly (he pet TT and showed us pics of his friend's Pomeranian).   It's divey and dark which means everyone looks good in dark lighting after a couple of dranks. There's a pool table, juke box, small outdoor patio, and a photobooth ($5): http://bit.ly/2dqAzXS. The crowd was from all walks of life: hipsters, grunge, skaters, millennials, and a handful of techies.   For dranks, I stuck with my usual Hendrick's Tonic. The bartender made me one stroooonnng one that was only $8! Yah, so very cheap drinks.   To accompany those strrooooonnnng dranks, you must try the food at the Counter Offer, a food counter at the right side of the bar. On the menu are fried pickles, chicken wings, burgers (including a doggie burger), fried chicken biscuit, mac & cheese, crispy tacos, and fried "f*ckin'" oreos. Burger menu: http://bit.ly/2eVim5o. They also have a "Burger of the Week" and this week is "The Elvis" with peanut butter and bacon.   My friend ordered the Hand Dipped Corn Dog ($5) which was a special of the day: http://bit.ly/2eKA0sW. It was one loooonng, girthy dog. The polish sausage was juicy, and not overly salty which was perfect with the sweet corn batter.   We each ordered the Bent Burger w/ bacon, american cheese, preserved jalapeños, louie sauce, L.P.O, tater tots ($14): http://bit.ly/2ea12bj. This is what dive bar burger dreams are made of. It was incredibly juicy (not a frozen patty) and had great layers of flavors from the salty bacon, melty cheese, tangy and spicy jalapenos, and animal spread-type sauce. The burger was cooked to order (medium rare) and the warm, toasted sesame bun held everything together...but not for long because that patty is juicy AF. It's a messy burger and I had beef juices running down the sides of my hands but what great burgers aren't. It's accompanied with perfectly crunchy tater tots.   Tater Tot got a Chester Burger ($2): http://bit.ly/2emA6V9 and was a happy camper.  When I returned to the bar for another round of drinks, an overly friendly drunk techie walked up to me and said, "Hey, HR lady!" He told me how he's making a point to tell people one "hot" thing about them.   What did I tell you about THAT lighting!	 0
This place is so great! Amazing food, friendly people behind the bar and in the kitchen. Good drinks, music, patio ...its got it all!!! Love! Can't wait to go back!	 0
Good tap list, friendly service, small but charming outdoor space and amazing cheap burgers. What else do you want?  I came here with my friend and we got some $2 cans of PBR and delicious burgers out of the back. The bartender was sweet and awesome, the burger guys made an amazing burger and they were really into it.  "Do you want a fried egg on that?"  "Hell yes I want a friend egg on that"  I don't have a picture of the burger because I annihilated it in a few minutes. The onions rings were ultra crispy and delicious. This is a must visit in SF.	 0
I have never spilled a drink before today at benders! Most amazing bartender. And today is his birthday. Dog friendly!	 0
These burgers will literally knock you d*ck off. The wings are killer. And shamelessly fried pickles. And tots.  Yes, Yelp is full of hyperbole, by my statement stands.  The grill takes credit, bring cash for the beer because the bar is separate. Great divey joint, pool, music, space, the works.	 0
First of all... It's cash only so come correct.  The bartenders and door people are all top notch. They will card the FUCK out of you so don't try pulling any funny business. They also don't take any bullcorn so I don't recommend coming in here swinging your white tech dude dick. I've been coming here for about four years. Great place to have a quiet drink on most weeknights and a great place to watch the Warriors game and eat one of SF's finest burgers. Prices are GREAT, so use all that scrill you're saving to tip them well. Bartender Cassie makes and slings great fresh squeezed Greyhounds on Mondays. I even brought a sack of oranges from my back yard tree once and she happily squeezed a drink for me and my friends and any other bar-goers that were interested. They have a photo booth too, which is perfect for taking pictures of yourself with your dog to send to your mom to prove that you love her. Great juke box full of metal and rap, and a back patio that closes at ten. I don't give a lot of perfect scores but I really love this dive.	 0
Reluctant to even write this because I don't want to it to change.  Bender's is the best. A neighborhood watering hole with a small but perfect tap list, great food, and an awesome patio.  What else is there to say.	 0
I've never had problems with dive bars in the city when it comes to not being white. This place is racist as sh!t. I'm not asking for the moon & adoration but I'm a paying customer, treat me like you should. I'll take my $ elsewhere. This business can suck a bag of salty nuts.	 1
Update: ownership has informed me that they reviewed the security video and confirmed my story. They have cancelled Sunday BBQ and now offer Burgers all week.   I appreciate ownership reaching out. It means a lot.   Long story ...  Came 2 days in a row, will never return.   I randomly walked into Benders looking for a beer while I figured out what to have for dinner.  Lo and behold, burgers. The burger was excellent, the beer was cold, and the 5$ cover was reasonable on a Saturday night (I guess?). I was a fan.  I guess I raved enough about the burger to convince 5 people to return to Benders on Sunday. We were informed that the kitchen was closed, but there was a free BBQ to be had. Ok...  This is when shit got weird. The BBQ was not even lit yet. Some dude that was carrying charcoal to light the grill (I assume an employee) bumped into my friend (97 pounds. Female) and had the nerve to berate her for it. Afterward, he started flipping her off from the patio like some angry 6th grade bully. Luckily, we were halfway down the block when she calmed down enough to share this info, or there may have been a scene.   TL:DR  Sounds like this place has at least one liability working for them. If a grown man can push a female customer, fail to apologize, then berate her, this place will be lucky to survive. Handle your shit Benders.	 1
What can I say! Pure awesome artsy dive with everything. I could just hang out here all day and night. Comfortable at homey local place with great lady bartender! I luv this place!	 0
Bar service was friendly. Good beer selection. The food is really where it's at with this place. The small grill inside the bar serves excellent food. The service at the counter of the grill was friendly as well. I had the fried pickles as a starter, excellent. The cook mentioned that they pickle the pickles themselves. The batter on the fried pickles was light and fluffy. I had the Bender Burger for the main event. I could taste the freshness of the beef patty. It was smothered in a delicious sauce. I have had a lot of burgers in my life, but I can't remember ever having one as good as the Bender Burger. The burger really was that good. The burger was paired with a nice side of heirloom tomato salad. The salad was cool and refreshing, the tomatoes were so ripe and flavorful, excellent pairing. I highly recommend Bender's, the food especially.	 0
Great atmosphere and friendly staff. The food is fresh (unexpected in most bars). Had a burger which was handmade, not frozen patty . The garlic tater tots were tasty. Music is offbeat classics by other people and enjoyable. One can hear it very week but not blaring. Happy I tried out this place.	 0
Must Try for SF Restaurant Week!  Luckily, my friend and I were able to make reservations during SF restaurant week. We've heard nothing but great things about DOSA so we were very tempted to try it out. What better time to try it out than SF Restaurant Week?  What We Ordered: SMALL PLATES (pick 3) - Batata Vada: It's similar to croquette and was packed with a lot of flavor and spices.  - Chennai Chicken: it's like eating popcorn chicken strips, do add the lemon to enhance the flavoring.  - Lemon Chile Scallops: MY FAVORITE! Normally I don't like eating scallops, but I couldn't resist! A picture is worth a 1 000 words (see my picture) DOSAS, CURRIES & MORE: (pick 3) - Lamb 'Keema' Dosa: everyone's top recommendation and they were not wrong. it comes with this crepe-like bread to dip the sauces - Mixed Mushroom & Truffle Oil Uttapam: It's like eat flat bread with mushrooms, a great pick for mushroom lovers! - Coconut Chicken Masala: it was a bit spicier than I imaged but that didn't stop me from using the poori to dip it.   SIDE:  - Poori: it's like a giant puffy bread that's bigger than your head and super yummy to dip with all the sauces.   DESSERT: (pick 2): - House Made Sorbet: mango sorbet, really yummy! - Pistachio Barfi: it's like a fudge bar with pistachio shreds sprinkled on top.  Great experience, great food, and great company!	 0
After waiting 25 minutes for a beer (yep, a beer) I was about ready to throw in the towel and go to another joint, but seeing as how it's so highly rated I decided to stay. The food, while super flavorful, is a hit or miss in terms of quality from the dishes we sampled.  We started with the scallops appetizer. Priced at $18, it only included TWO scallops. Say whaaa?? Small scallops at that. I'm not sure if they'd run out in the back or what but that's pretty crazy. They came in a pretty tasty curry- the menu said lemongrass/greens/curry- there wasn't any lemongrass or greens so maybe it was just a bad menu choice all around for the evening.  I was also disappointed by the dosa we selected, the spicy mung masala. It was basically bland mashed potatoes inside a dosa shell- no lentils or any spiciness at all. Really wondering if they brought us the wrong one as it was so far off the menu description.  Our coconut chicken masala curry was probably the highlight of the meal- a solid curry by all accounts. We opted to get it over cauliflower rice which was also really tasty.  The food is good, however, I don't feel like we got what we ordered (again, not sure if there were just issues with the service/kitchen??) and that the price of the scallops was way off for what we got.	 1
This is a review on their restaurant week menu.  I came to DOSA for restaurant week and, HOLY MOLY, this place one of the best Indian restaurants I've ever been to!   Firstly, 40 dollars for 8 dishes is a steal! We had so much food! I wish I could remember the names of the dishes but I can only describe my favorites.  Appetizer we had beet cumin soup- it was very tasty and the perfect balance of beer and cumin. I'm hoping I can make it at home! It's like a tomato soup consistency so very comforting. Good for a rainy day. We also had a spicy chicken dish. Very tasty as well with a yogurt dipping sauce. Third, we had an arugula lentil salad... very good as well.  Entrees we had the lamb DOSA, a shrimp rice dish, and mushroom truffle dish. I wish I remembered the names! The lamb DOSA was very flavorful. And the lamb wasn't gritty.... I'm always 50/50 with lamb, but here it was good! The shrimp rice dish was maybe the least favorite of the dishes- still very good but I was still thinking about that lamb. The mushroom truffle was a good balance between the two protein dishes.  Dessert we had mango sorbet and a pistachio chocolate dish. The mango sorbet was very light and no overpowered in the sugar department. Very refreshing! The pistachio chocolate was okay- I probably wouldn't order it.   I am very excited to come back to DOSA to try more dishes!	 0
Just as everyone says, this place is pretty bomb diggity.  Hopefully this helps a good bunch of you who are interested but I came here for Restaurant week 2017 after reading @lucyatcal 's medium post about the Best and Worst deals of SF Restaurant week--she had Dosa at the top of the list with almost $163ish dollars worth of food for about $40. If anyone is reading this during the week of Restaurant week (Jan 18- 29) first thing I have to mention is that the menu on the site is NOT the same as what they are serving in store! Hopefully they change that... but just a heads up, I actually think it's better because it includes more options of small plates and a choice of dessert.  My roommate and I (whom I'm sure you'll see her reviews of this place too ;) (shout to to you Marcie!) decided we had to finally try this place after hearing all about it and of course, realizing it was the best RW deal! So the two of us made a reservation and came here along with my boyfriend.  A couple things to note about restaurant week: as a table you pick 3 small dishes, 3 main dishes and 2 desserts and you share with the table. The waitress will portion it between however many people you have. I think the best deal is coming with 2 people but in any case, the servers are really good at making sure there is enough food so even with a big group, I'm sure it would be great :)  We decided to pick the following: Small Plates: - Red Beet and Cumin Soup This was super good! Nicely spiced with a perfect bit of sweetness, this was like a gazpacho (except warm) or like a tomato soup, except with beets. Super smooth and luxuriously rich with a ton of amazing flavor. Definitely going to try and imitate it ourselves! It seems simple but so good and perfect to warm up your soul  - Sprouted Mung and Paneer Salad This was nice--nothing to speak lengths about but it had lentils and a nice crunch from the mung bean. It was pretty refreshing overall, nice and light but also very filling. Ours came with only two small pieces of paneer and we each had a solid couple spoonfuls to try it.   - Chennai Chicken OMG so bombass. This was super good, moist and delicious chicken (probably the thighs) and it was covered in a crust and deep fried. It came with this yummy yogurt marinade and all three of us could not stop eating it it was so good, The perfect little appetizer and a taste for all palates :P  Main Dishes: - Shrimp Biryani This was really good, a sort of fried rice mixture with really soft rice and a bunch of spices plus a couple of mix ins and some shrimp. We got maybe 4-5 pieces of shrimp and a good helping of rice. This was a great compliment to the meal and just an overall solid option.  - Lamb Keema (Dosa) In case you don't know, a dosa is almost like a mixture of a crepe and like a chip--it's fried on one side so that it's crispy and the other side is a little bit doughy but overall, the dosa at Dosa is pretty thin--great as like a cripsy and flour tortilla in one or a one sided crispy injera (yea, poor description but the closest I can think of!). You'll fill it with sauces, and mixings, just as you would like a taco or crepe or like Injera (ethiopian pancake). Our dosa came with this really nice spiced lamp mixture with some potatoes and on the sides we also got this like coconut green sauce, a spicy red sauce, and a big bowl of this reddish orange curry. Overall it was delicious, especially just mixing everything together!  - Organic Mushroom and Arugula Uttapam This was basically like a pancake--it reminded me a lot of a vietnamese pancake or a part pancake, part omlette-y crepe. It was filled with delicious mushrooms and truffle oil and topped with fresh arugula. This also came with the chutneys and assorted dips which really complimented the dish. We described it as kind of like a pizza pancake aha  Dessert: - Pistachio Barfi This was a decadant little chocolate sort of cake. So good.... layers of cashew milk fudge with pistachios, ganache and all sorts of goodies layered into a perfect little cake. Its a small serving but so rich that we barely finished it given the small piece we recieved!  - Mango Sorbet The best kind of sorbet period. You really can't go wrong with this, it's the besttttt  And that's that! At $42 a person and then additional tax and tip, it was a TON of food and RW was a great way to taste so much of their menu without breaking the bank, since this place is normally pretty high end. The food is really outstanding though and I know I would definitely be back and recommend this to friends. We were all STUFFED and I'm so happy I took advantage of this deal. Really looking forward to coming back!	 0
Had a delicious dinner last night (Tuesday) here with my husband. We ordered and the white truffle masala dosa, the paneer and pea dosa, the side of rice made with straus milk, and a glass of the house red wine. I had made a reservation through yelp for 8:30pm and I was glad I did! Even though it was a Tuesday, there was still a wait. I would definitely say don't make a reservation if you can before hand. It's a nice intimate setting, and I think they had a full bar. The food was delicious, the servers were super nice, and I'll definitely be back!	 0
Eating here is an experience, one of those that leaves a memorable impression on your taste buds leaving you longing for MOREEEE.  The food here is fantastic.   We had the truffle dosa and the pumpkin dosa and were in heaven the entire time.  It was so delicious and special, and the serving size was very generous as well.   When you order any dosa dish you will be served something along the lines of a giant crepe - not too thick - slightly crispy, with your filling of choice, as well as a variety of sauces to compliment the dosa.   So. Damn. Good.   I really love the decor and vibe this place has.  The only thing  don't like is how close the tables are.  I literally heard everything the table next to me was talking about, and I'm sure they were listening to my convo as well...but hey in SF this is hard to escape so whatevs.   I WILL BE BACK.   omg and if you don't like black licorice tasting things DONT EAT THE AFTERMINT THING BY THE REGISTER. Just warning you ~	 0
Great service, the chef even comes out and checks on you. They definitely care about their customers!   My bf and I split the smoked duck breast special, and it was so soooo good! I didn't know that you could eat duck medium rare, and he was a little skeptical of it, but my friend assured us that it was fine. It was seasoned so well, and the sauce that was glazed on it was so delicious on its own. My bf didn't think the plate was hot enough and we asked the chef to warm it up, but I hope they didn't take it as a dig, because we enjoyed it so much.  We were visiting from LA, but it's one of those dishes that I'd travel back to SF to eat again and again!	 0
Amazing! Authentic ambiance and food, reasonably priced dishes, lovely staff and large selection of Belgian and local beers. Beer lovers and locals, please support this fine establishment, they deserve it!  I recommend the Baked Endive Gratin, the Salmon Special with mashed potatoes and the Flemmish Carbonades. Top quality fare all around!	 0
Parking around here absolutely sucks on a week night. I live a a mile and a half away, and wish I walked instead.   I figured since I was starving and they had 4.5 stars that the food would be bomb af, but no dice. We got in, and even there were only three other seated tables, service took a looong time. We got our mussels and fries, along with our salt cod beignets before we got bread and butter. We actually weren't going to get that, but I said eff it and asked for the complimentary bread and butter. I saw the table next to us get it, and felt I deserved some too!  While the salt cod beignets sound fancy and fun, don't kid yourself. These basically tasted like fried balls with salty mushy stuff inside. Then there were the fries that came out salty beyond belief. I even ordered ginger beer because the water here tasted off (or the glasses weren't well washed, could be either). I needed something to wash down the salt though.  The mussels didn't make me sick like the reviews below stated, but I did feel the thyme and tarragon green liquid (would not call that a sauce) they came with sucked. I would have preferred plain mussels instead.  Maybe come here for a beer, but certainly not the food. Don't do it.	 1
Hidden gem - I can't understand why this place isn't busier! The service is wonderful, friendly, and knowledgeable (about the beer). The food is delicious. And the ambience is great - casual but still nice and comfortable.   And the beers, it goes without saying, are delicious.	 0
Mussels aren't supposed to be stringy or taste like old sneakers, they also aren't supposed to give you explosive diarrhea!  I was served bad mussels here and when I told the staff they said they were fine. I only ate two and still got sick.   It's over priced and they serve rotten food.	 1
I had a really delicious meal here last week with my niece and nephews.  All of the food was tasty and well priced. We especially liked the frites with Belgian-style mayonnaise, the mussels and the kale salad. The salt cod beignets were a nice starter (and not too oily). I lived in Amsterdam and visited Belgium frequently, and this felt like the real deal to me. Although the food was good, the beer was the real standout, and our server provided us with lots of information and samples to help us make the best choices. All in all, the place was charming, friendly and a good value -- exactly what you would hope for when dining with your family from out of town! I live in the neighborhood and will definitely be back. Bel is a gem!	 0
I was not really familiar with Belgian Food but I am now a fan. The service at Bel is excellent. Our Server was extremely attentive and knowledgeable on the menu. The chef even came out after our food was delivered to see how we enjoyed everything.   House Made Sausage: Spoiler alert- It's rabbit. Not a meat I would normally order... but it ended up being very tasty.   Caesar Salad- VERY good. Dressing was zesty and peppery.  Brussels Sprouts- Made w/ bacon and served shredded.  Gratin- cheesy deliciousness.   They have quite the extensive beer list and also have 1/2 pints for those who are filling up or that don't want to commit.	 0
This is an undiscovered gem. If you haven't had a meal here  yet you are missing out. I had the duck confit and the Caesar salad and a couple of fantastic glasses of wine. The wine list is great and the beer list is even better!	 0
Bel is a real hidden gem, the few times I've been in the place was on the emptier side and I really can't understand why I guess it's just undiscovered so far.  Any ways the food here is unreal, around 20 bucks for entrees, they are fresh delicious and great portions. The small a plates I tried were also fantastic, the house made sausage (venison at the time I guess they change them) was mouth watering, we almost got a second.  Caught a Friday night special of duck breast one night which was heavenly.  The beers are really unique, not stuff you see just anywhere and the staff I've met have been more than happy to let me have tastes of the draught, and recommend something that would go well with my dinner.    This place is really worth a try, great for a casual dinner and a beer but you could definitively  bring a date here for a romantic  evening as well!	 0
Great food, beer, and service. Reasonably priced for SF. A welcome addition to the neighborhood.  I just had the tri-tip. It was delicious.	 0
Very cool Belgium Beer and Food bar. Excellent customer service!!!! The chef was walking around and he recommended a bunch of great beers and good food. Really great gem in the Mission.  The beer is amazing and the food was very delicious plus dessert blew us away! The two owners are so friendly and give you a bunch of background information on the origins of the beer. I love the fact that this pub reminds you of being in Europe. Very cool place to get some great tasting beer that will give you a good buzz!	 0
What a wonderful place! Great beers and great food! I've been looking for a good muscles spot since I moved to SF six years ago and this was the best I've found. I recommend the muscles in the white sauce, made of wit beer and mushrooms. The staff is also super friendly. The chef even came out of the kitchen to see what we thought of the food and talk Bay Area restaurants. Will be back!	 0
This place is a bona-fide Belgian brewery/restaurant (what they call a brasserie in Belgium, they serve beer and food), according to my girlfriend who lived in Belgium for five years.  We've been there twice, and both experiences were really great.   The food is always five stars.  Beautiful presentation, delicious. The spaghetti bolognese was literally the best we've both ever had. I do a lot of cooking, and have 3 chefs in my family, and it's still the best we've ever had. We've ordered the specials twice. Great both times.  The service is always five stars. Attentive without being intrusive. Definitely the best service you will get anywhere around here or, in our extensive experience, anywhere in the "trendy" mission area where you will pay as much or more for food that is not as good, after waiting in a huge line. Every time we were there the owner stops by our table to make sure we are happy with everything.   The ambiance is great. Soft music, and the usual patrons aren't a bunch of self-important drunk twenty-somethings who think that in order to be heard across the table you must shout (and that everyone else in the restaurant really needs to hear what they have to say because it is, like, so important and smart) like everywhere else in the mission. Hopefully that doesn't change and those folks will stay above 24th st.   In short, this place is well worth checking out!  Just make sure you check your outside voices at the door.	 0
Your quest for the perfect fry or frite as they're called in Belgium ends here. Perfectly crisp with a compliment of 3 dipping sauces. BEL offers a dazzling array of the old world's finest beers -almost all on tap!  And then there's the food. Classic hearty dishes many incorporating the very beer that's a recommended pairing. It's like you drove all the way up to North Coast Brewing Co in Fort Bragg 'cept you just rolled out of bed and took Uber here instead of driving 4 hours. Rich and Jenn the owners are often there and create a very welcoming and friendly atmosphere. The whole experience is exceptional.	 0
Great service, the chef even comes out and checks on you. They definitely care about their customers!   My bf and I split the smoked duck breast special, and it was so soooo good! I didn't know that you could eat duck medium rare, and he was a little skeptical of it, but my friend assured us that it was fine. It was seasoned so well, and the sauce that was glazed on it was so delicious on its own. My bf didn't think the plate was hot enough and we asked the chef to warm it up, but I hope they didn't take it as a dig, because we enjoyed it so much.  We were visiting from LA, but it's one of those dishes that I'd travel back to SF to eat again and again!	 0
Amazing! Authentic ambiance and food, reasonably priced dishes, lovely staff and large selection of Belgian and local beers. Beer lovers and locals, please support this fine establishment, they deserve it!  I recommend the Baked Endive Gratin, the Salmon Special with mashed potatoes and the Flemmish Carbonades. Top quality fare all around!	 0
Parking around here absolutely sucks on a week night. I live a a mile and a half away, and wish I walked instead.   I figured since I was starving and they had 4.5 stars that the food would be bomb af, but no dice. We got in, and even there were only three other seated tables, service took a looong time. We got our mussels and fries, along with our salt cod beignets before we got bread and butter. We actually weren't going to get that, but I said eff it and asked for the complimentary bread and butter. I saw the table next to us get it, and felt I deserved some too!  While the salt cod beignets sound fancy and fun, don't kid yourself. These basically tasted like fried balls with salty mushy stuff inside. Then there were the fries that came out salty beyond belief. I even ordered ginger beer because the water here tasted off (or the glasses weren't well washed, could be either). I needed something to wash down the salt though.  The mussels didn't make me sick like the reviews below stated, but I did feel the thyme and tarragon green liquid (would not call that a sauce) they came with sucked. I would have preferred plain mussels instead.  Maybe come here for a beer, but certainly not the food. Don't do it.	 1
Hidden gem - I can't understand why this place isn't busier! The service is wonderful, friendly, and knowledgeable (about the beer). The food is delicious. And the ambience is great - casual but still nice and comfortable.   And the beers, it goes without saying, are delicious.	 0
Mussels aren't supposed to be stringy or taste like old sneakers, they also aren't supposed to give you explosive diarrhea!  I was served bad mussels here and when I told the staff they said they were fine. I only ate two and still got sick.   It's over priced and they serve rotten food.	 1
I had a really delicious meal here last week with my niece and nephews.  All of the food was tasty and well priced. We especially liked the frites with Belgian-style mayonnaise, the mussels and the kale salad. The salt cod beignets were a nice starter (and not too oily). I lived in Amsterdam and visited Belgium frequently, and this felt like the real deal to me. Although the food was good, the beer was the real standout, and our server provided us with lots of information and samples to help us make the best choices. All in all, the place was charming, friendly and a good value -- exactly what you would hope for when dining with your family from out of town! I live in the neighborhood and will definitely be back. Bel is a gem!	 0
I was not really familiar with Belgian Food but I am now a fan. The service at Bel is excellent. Our Server was extremely attentive and knowledgeable on the menu. The chef even came out after our food was delivered to see how we enjoyed everything.   House Made Sausage: Spoiler alert- It's rabbit. Not a meat I would normally order... but it ended up being very tasty.   Caesar Salad- VERY good. Dressing was zesty and peppery.  Brussels Sprouts- Made w/ bacon and served shredded.  Gratin- cheesy deliciousness.   They have quite the extensive beer list and also have 1/2 pints for those who are filling up or that don't want to commit.	 0
This is an undiscovered gem. If you haven't had a meal here  yet you are missing out. I had the duck confit and the Caesar salad and a couple of fantastic glasses of wine. The wine list is great and the beer list is even better!	 0
Bel is a real hidden gem, the few times I've been in the place was on the emptier side and I really can't understand why I guess it's just undiscovered so far.  Any ways the food here is unreal, around 20 bucks for entrees, they are fresh delicious and great portions. The small a plates I tried were also fantastic, the house made sausage (venison at the time I guess they change them) was mouth watering, we almost got a second.  Caught a Friday night special of duck breast one night which was heavenly.  The beers are really unique, not stuff you see just anywhere and the staff I've met have been more than happy to let me have tastes of the draught, and recommend something that would go well with my dinner.    This place is really worth a try, great for a casual dinner and a beer but you could definitively  bring a date here for a romantic  evening as well!	 0
Great food, beer, and service. Reasonably priced for SF. A welcome addition to the neighborhood.  I just had the tri-tip. It was delicious.	 0
Very cool Belgium Beer and Food bar. Excellent customer service!!!! The chef was walking around and he recommended a bunch of great beers and good food. Really great gem in the Mission.  The beer is amazing and the food was very delicious plus dessert blew us away! The two owners are so friendly and give you a bunch of background information on the origins of the beer. I love the fact that this pub reminds you of being in Europe. Very cool place to get some great tasting beer that will give you a good buzz!	 0
What a wonderful place! Great beers and great food! I've been looking for a good muscles spot since I moved to SF six years ago and this was the best I've found. I recommend the muscles in the white sauce, made of wit beer and mushrooms. The staff is also super friendly. The chef even came out of the kitchen to see what we thought of the food and talk Bay Area restaurants. Will be back!	 0
This place is a bona-fide Belgian brewery/restaurant (what they call a brasserie in Belgium, they serve beer and food), according to my girlfriend who lived in Belgium for five years.  We've been there twice, and both experiences were really great.   The food is always five stars.  Beautiful presentation, delicious. The spaghetti bolognese was literally the best we've both ever had. I do a lot of cooking, and have 3 chefs in my family, and it's still the best we've ever had. We've ordered the specials twice. Great both times.  The service is always five stars. Attentive without being intrusive. Definitely the best service you will get anywhere around here or, in our extensive experience, anywhere in the "trendy" mission area where you will pay as much or more for food that is not as good, after waiting in a huge line. Every time we were there the owner stops by our table to make sure we are happy with everything.   The ambiance is great. Soft music, and the usual patrons aren't a bunch of self-important drunk twenty-somethings who think that in order to be heard across the table you must shout (and that everyone else in the restaurant really needs to hear what they have to say because it is, like, so important and smart) like everywhere else in the mission. Hopefully that doesn't change and those folks will stay above 24th st.   In short, this place is well worth checking out!  Just make sure you check your outside voices at the door.	 0
Your quest for the perfect fry or frite as they're called in Belgium ends here. Perfectly crisp with a compliment of 3 dipping sauces. BEL offers a dazzling array of the old world's finest beers -almost all on tap!  And then there's the food. Classic hearty dishes many incorporating the very beer that's a recommended pairing. It's like you drove all the way up to North Coast Brewing Co in Fort Bragg 'cept you just rolled out of bed and took Uber here instead of driving 4 hours. Rich and Jenn the owners are often there and create a very welcoming and friendly atmosphere. The whole experience is exceptional.	 0
The best indian food I ever had! I ordered for first course the veggie samoosa  Than for main course lamb tika massa la The lamb was soft and delicious, The sauce was creamy  Everything was absolutely incredible  And on top of that the service is very professional! I recommend to reserve seats ahead, the place is packed. And If You Don't Like spicy, Ask The Waiter For Mild FOod	 0
I made a reservation for a group of friends and even still had to wait 30 minutes for our table to be ready. After we ordered, we waited another 2 hours for the food to actually arrive--only after we asked multiple times for the status and to speak to the manager. For 2 hours, the staff completely ignored us, didn't apologize for the wait, didn't ask how we were doing, and didn't let us know if/when our food was arriving.  The only apology we ever got was after we asked for the manager, and even then we got more excuses than an actual apology. Got some extra drinks, desserts, and naan on the house. No money was taken off the final bill. Finally finished and left 3 hours after the initial reservation, after the restaurant's stated closing time.	 1
This place is something else! Huge shoutout to the homie Shahil DjMagic for showing us amazing hospitality last night at Mela Tandoori Kitchen. Probably the best spot to get authentic tandoor-cooked indo-paki food in SF. Y'all need to definitely check this place out!	 0
If you look past the fact that this place is in the Tenderloin, an amazing Indian style dinner awaits you at Mela. My husband's friends insisted (several times) that we go here and I am so glad we did. From the moment you walk in you forget the dirty streets of SF. The ambiance and decor in Mela is just perfect. They have superb customer service in every way- literally. It is demonstrated but not limited to the way the waiters appear, walk, talk, and how they serve you.   As for the food-oh my god. I had been to multiple Indian restaurants and this is my favorite. We ordered chicken tikka masala, naan (garlic, butter, onion, cheese), the meat combination plate, saffron rice, and samosas. Every single thing was scrumptious. I enjoyed every bite of every course. The food was high quality, fresh, authentic, extremely flavorful and well cooked. I would not change a thing about the meal. The only thing I would note is that it is slightly more expensive than other Indian spots but for the experience and quality, I am more than willing to pay slightly more. I highly recommend Mela!	 0
5 well deserved stars for my new favorite Indian restaurant in the city. The way Mela prepares its food is different from any other Indian restaurant I've ever visited - curries aren't overly oily and the flavors are complex and robust. I came here two days in a row and ordered the CHICKEN CHOLAY, CHICKEN KEEMA, and RAS MALAI, accompanied by a bowl of rice:  Pros: -Generous servings. I came here ravenous and had enough leftovers to make a small meal for the next day -The CHICKEN CHOLAY is bursting with flavor - a delicious combination of bone-in chicken, chickpeas, tomato gravy, sprinkled with a bit of caraway seed for that extra dash of flavor -I would also recommend the CHICKEN KEEMA, a bowl of ground chicken cooked in a light tomato sauce, accompanied by your choice of peas or potato. I opted for peas, which provided a nice, sweet contrast to the savory chicken -The rice is pretty good. Not too overcooked, not too soft -Service here is great. I came here with a friend and our 2 dishes probably took about 10 minutes or less. On top of that, my water cup was never empty - the waiters here are extremely attentive and keep coming back for refills  Cons: -The RAS MALAI was delicious, although not exactly to my liking. It was a bit spongey in texture, less like a cheesecake than expected. The flavors were well-developed: the cheesecakes are bathed in sweetened milk, rose, and pistachio  I'll definitely be back to sample Mela's many other offerings.	 0
Very comfy place to enjoy good Indian food. A great menu at an excellent price! I was particularly impressed by how attentive and courteous the servers were. I'll definitely be back the next time a theater date brings me to this part of town.	 0
It's Michelin  star recommended restaurant..! Finally, I have found something delicious, traditional and not overly oily.  Don't forget to ask them to add spice if you are a Pakistani and love spicy food :).  I am also impressed by the quantity of their food, definitely generous servings. I have tried their chicken Biryani, chicken minced (aalu keema), Bhuna gosht and chicken Jalfrezi and I have to say that all of them were scrummy.  Traditional clay utensils are a plus. They serve a hot water bowl with lemon in it at the end of your meal for you to soak your hands..	 0
I ordered for Samosa chat for pickup and they don't even provide the spoon and when I call them asking for the spoon then they reply back saying you should ask for spoon. What kind of service is this. I really got pissed off. The food is also average. I never recommend this place to anyone. If possible I would give 0 star rating rather than 1.	 1
My chicken vindaloo had almost no chicken in it, at $13?  The samosas aren't like the ones at other restaurants.  They're really small and not flakey.  Also, not very good.  In a neighborhood full of great indian food spots, skip this dump!	 1
I've been here twice and the food is soooo good. But what was even better was the service. The first time my partner and I went, they were pretty busy and they only had seating upstairs in the hookah lounge area. I have asthma and am very sensitive to any kind of smoke but I decided to try it since there was only one person there. The waiter sat us down and then 3 minutes later came back and said a spot had opened up downstairs if we'd like to move. The rest of the dinner was great.  The second time we came, my partner thought he had made reservations through a website and when we got there, the reservation hadn't gone through. Once again they were very busy and we now had no reservation, and once again, the staff were very polite and accommodating and fit us in at a table as soon as they could.  The food really is amazing, but I wanted to write this review to share the great service we got even when they were super busy.	 0
So far I've tried: Biryani, Chicken Tikka Masala, Mixed Grill. So far I like: Biryani, Chicken Tikka Masala, Mixed Grill  And don't get me started on the clay plates and the lemon water! Love this place!!   The service and the food.	 0
I've only been here twice (in October 2013 and in October 2016), but I would come here every week if I lived closer to the city. I ordered and ate paneer tikka masala with garlic naan and rice  both times. The paneer tikka masala was pretty good. It had a nice flavor and did not use copious amounts of cream like some other restaurants do. The rice was also cooked well and I had no issues with it. The restaurant itself has a nice ambience and is very clean with good-to-great service.  The main reason I decided to write a 5-star review for Mela is because of the garlic naan. It is the BEST garlic naan which I have ever eaten in my life, and I have eaten garlic naan in many, many places. I couldn't tell you what exactly they do to make it so good (it seems like they roll garlic into the dough, so it bakes with the naan rather than putting garlic on top of the naan before baking like other places do), but it is worth it. After my first experience at the restaurant, I ordered garlic naan at every other desi restaurant that I've eaten at, and none of them have come close to Mela's garlic naan. During the 3 unfortunate years that went by between my 2 visits to Mela, I recommended their garlic naan to everyone. I hope that Mela never changes their garlic naan, because you don't mess with perfection. My only regret about eating their garlic naan is that I only ordered 1 on both occasions.  In conclusion, Mela is awesome and try the garlic naan! If you don't like garlic, then try one of the other naans, because  they know how to make great naan at this spot!	 0
This is a review for the hookah lounge on the second floor and not the food.  Coming from Los Angeles, I was desperate to find a nice cozy place to enjoy some hookah without paying an arm.  Luckily, I was able to come across this place on Yelp and boy was I not disappointed.  I ordered a orange mint hookah and it was extremely good.  It was milky and the mint hit the spot.  The more I puffed it, the more flavorful the hookah became.  The hookah lounge upstairs presents a very cozy environment that allows you to mingle with friends and watch tv.  There was also a huge variety of hookah Flavors to try from, which makes it hard to choose.  But the best part was that it was only 15 dollars per hookah for two people, which means I will probably come back for more in the future.	 0
Food is great, pretty standard and not the best I've ever had but no complaints there. My friend had made a reservation for 13 for her birthday dinner for 8pm. Half of our group arrived 15 minutes late but still had to wait in the rain to be seated. We understood because of the women's march they were particularly crowded but after we were seated the crowd died down. We ordered appetizers which were very small portions. Once they took our food order it took two hours for the food to come out. I understand this is not the server's fault but there was no communication with us to let us know that the wait would be that long. Some of the group had tickets to a show at 10 pm that they missed and we all had places to be. When we asked to speak to the manager, it said a lot about his character because the only person we spoke to was the waiter who seated us. He said the other tables received their food before us even though they were seated after us because they preordered. How does this differentiate you from Domino's if the only way customers can get food is by ordering before they get to the restaurant? It's nice that they comped us shots, naan and dessert but we didn't want more food after we already got our food. Their upstairs section is a hookah lounge so if you can't handle the restaurant part maybe you shouldn't have both running at once. We didn't even receive an apology until after hearing all these excuses and that was the worst part. It was a pretty disappointing experience, you're better off going to Pakwan for better food with bigger portions at a better price	 1
Worst coffee in the world period.  The view was superb otherwise i would have given Zero star.	 1
Deeply disappointed.  $16 for the grossest fish and chips I've ever ate. Heavy on oil  No flavor  Tarter sauce is thin in consistency and watery tasting  Fish bland and soggy tasting  Fries loaded with oil Only thing making this not completely shit is the lemon I'm squeezing over everything	 1
My friend and I shared fish and burger platters. Considering this was over $30 with sodas, I was expecting everything to melt in my mouth. Long story short, everything was mediocre. The fish needed some salt and soul. The burger was better, but in essence, you're paying for the scenery, not tastiness at this spot. I'd skip it on my next visit to the harbor...	 1
WOW! This place has reeelly good fish and chips! The fish batter is suuuper crispy and thin! Just the right amount! and there are a lot of fish meat too! The fries are suuper delicious too! Regular, nice and golden fries that are crispy as well.  Their fish and chips is one of the best i've ever had! I just haf crabs and ice cream too! So this isnt hunger speaking. WOW! Just took another bite... SOO EFFING GOOD! Enjoying this outside on the deck :)	 0
HOME OF THE DEEP CLEANSING BURGER  I'll start by saying the folks that work at Char West are super nice. The fries were also good. The burger however...  To begin with they don't have anything but American cheese and NO bacon. The only reason I got it was I was extremely hungry and was working on the pier. It wasn't great. But the aftermath was even less great. Typically my body can handle nearly any kind of pathogen and churn it up into tiny little germ bits.  Char West introduced me to a new kind of gastrointestinal hell.  24 hours later, I can finally trust a fart again.	 1
fried fish lots of batter very little taste. clams were small and a $3 small coke. Heading for Splash in Pismo tomorrow for the best fried clams	 1
The pier jutting out from State Street in Santa Barbara offers some great food and shopping choices. Positioned poorly on the observe side of the center thoroughfare, and ironically adjacent to the restrooms, this fast food seafood hub offered slow service and a slab of unidentifiable fried fish.   Although it would be fair to suggest that eating at a self-appointed fast food restaurant warrants the feasibility of subpar food, given the breadth of choices atop the pier it hardly seems worth avoiding the wait for a table at any of the other comparably-priced dining options.  In fairness to Char West, the food is prepared right before the customer and the deep fry on both the clams and fish were a dark tawny hue and crispy to perfection. Unfortunately, the fish that entered the deep fryer was of such girth that it had to sit in the oil far too long in order to cook all the way through. While I received my money's worth in terms of quantity, I can't reasonably say I got my money's worth in quality. Eat at another restaurant and put your name down for a table. It'll be worth the wait!	 1
Really wish I would have checked Yelp first. I grew up in Santa Barbara but have lived in Arizona for the past 8 years. Brought my husband and kids home on vacation and met a big group of family on the wharf. We decided to stop in here for some hot clam chowder on a cold drizzly day...what a disappointment.   We spent $45 on 1 clam chowder bread bowl, 1 kid's cup of chowder, 1 regular order of fish and chips, and 1 kid's fish and chips. The chowder was awful...watery and flavorless, not fresh, just gross. I've seriously had better out of a can. The fish was HEAVILY battered, like thick spongey dough that just soaked up and retained the fry oil. NASTY.   On a side note, the staff was friendly. : )  It's really a bummer when a business chooses to be cheap and serve very poor quality food simply because it's a touristy area and they know they can get away with it.   And lastly, if you're still thinking about eating here, you should know that we all got upset stomachs afterward. Yuck.	 1
Worst experience ever! I came here today with my family , our bill was 77$ for 4 people. The price wouldn't be a problem for some good quality fish and chips ; but the food and the service was seriously lacking. First of all, the fish and fries were so greasy!! The fries were completely soggy , and the fish tasted so fishy and oily. Normally I don't write bad reviews, but what really threw me over the edge was the poor service . The cashier was so rude to all of us, like we were bothering her by placing an order . Out of courtesy we still left a tip . Once we went up to get our food I noticed they only gave us 3 of the tiniest cups of tarter sauce I had ever seen . I politely asked the cashier if we could get a couple extra , she slammed her pen down and came storming over like I had asked her for a million dollars . The story goes on, but I'm sure you get the point . Will not be returning, hopefully they get some better staff. When your paying that much money for greasy fish and chips at least the service should be good.	 1
This place is right in the middle of the pier and the view is remarkable (reason for star). The fish n chips was straight out of the freezer and tasted as such: I would have complained except the staff was barely capable of heating the food. The clam chowder was super salty and barely edible. I didn't mention that this food was tremendously expensive and the portions were small. Save yourself the experience and walk right past this place and eat further down the pier.	 1
If you decide to ignore the reviews and eat here avoid the microwaved clam chowder and the weak latte. The fish and chips are tasty. Overall this place is Overpriced and not worth a try.	 1
$15 for the worst fish and chips I've ever had! Greasy, soggy frozen fries and greasy thick battered fish. Disgusting and overpriced! I'd give it zero stars if I could.	 1
Way over priced and the clam chowder was gross. The fish n chips was good but not for the cost. I saw the other reviews and hoped they were wrong, they weren't.	 1
One word, terrible. Sloppy, greasy fish & chips absolutely no flavor. A little salt would have gone REAL far. $35 for 1 kids meal, & burger with fries. Super bummed we wasted money on such crappy food.	 1
My boyfriend was visiting NYC with me and wanted 'the Original Rays' so I found the closest one to our hotel and told him it was THE one.  Here are my issues:  A plain slice of pizza should not cost more than a train ride, $2.75, you are charging $3! This is standard, google it.  If I ask for mushrooms on a slice don't try to offer me something else, put mushrooms on a plain slice. And slap it in the oven. Every other pizzeria in NYC can get this done and it was not busy.  A 'special slice' should not cost $5.75, it is usually done per topping.  The staff is rude, and not in a cute NY way.  Basically, I knew it would be terrible because we were near Times Square but c'mon guys...I assume their prices are high because of their location and the cost to lease in that area. BUT, you can change your attitude. I had lived in NYC for 26 years and I have had a friendly personable pizzeria experience every time I return except with this establishment.  Don't perpetuate the belief that NYC is full of crooks and meanies.  Two stars because it was pizza, and luckily, they didn't screw that up.	 1
NOT the real Ray's. Not even good pizza. When we went, it was incredibly busy so they were rushing people through, so much that they wouldn't even take my whole order. I never got enough pizza for my family. When I got to the checkout, carried by the flow of customers, I told the guy I still needed 2 more slices. He said, "too bad" and rang up the slices I was able to snag out of the selection of 3-4 kinds, which I had to select so quickly, I didn't even have time to think about it.	 1
Ugh! All bad! The whole place was dirty. Not 1 table wiped off. We came in at 1am, they tried to rush us out. The pizza was alright for being re-heated right in front of us, but DEFINITELY not worth $15 for 2 slices re-heated! GTFO!	 1
I was excited to try real NY pizza... But perhaps I will need to try another pizza place to get that GREAT NY pizza I hear about.  This place was PACKED, line was out the door... I assumed that meant that this place was going to be kick a**.   For one, the guy behind the counter was like the "Pizza Nazi" (similar to the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld) shouting for your order and if you didn't answer IMMEDIATELY, he would shout it again right at you. My mom and I wanted 3 different slices. I said the first type of slice and paused to take a breath and then he started taking the order of the GUY BEHIND ME. I then had to jump back in and say, "we also needed a veggie and pepperoni/jalapeño." WTF?!?! The same rude guy kept yelling at people to squeeze forward. Hey a**hole, THERE'S NO ROOM IN THIS TINY PLACE.   The pizza was just "meh". My mom said hers was still cold. (They have pizza sitting out and then they heat up the slices in the oven). My pepperoni/jalapeño was just ok. Our third slice we split was a white cheese... Which I thought I read from another reviewer that said it was "highly recommended"... BLAH!!!! It tasted like nothing. Literally nothing. Flavorless cheese on a flavorless pizza crust. Not worth it!  These 3 "meh" slices and 2 drinks cost us a staggering $26!!!!   Do not recommend. Want to find another spot to have a goooood NY pizza because this was not it!	 1
Dry overpriced bad served pizza. It's awful l wonder what are they famous for. It's also dirty and hot inside	 1
After a disappointing sandwich at Halal Guys came a disappointing slice at Famous Original Ray's. I wanted a plain sausage slice and the guy behind the counter gave me a little bit of a hard time - didn't I want one of the premade specialty slices? No - because I am perhaps the only American slice who thinks pepperoni tastes like salty ass....  Anyway, he finally (begrudgingly) threw a few sausage slices on and perhaps as revenge, left it in the oven too long so that the bottom was blackened. That's too bad because aside from being burnt, the crust was pretty good. The sauce was too sweet for me personally and the cheese was oily/low quality.   The space is pretty sparse (not that I expect decor from a slice place) and actively grimy. Though they weren't busy, we got to experience the crumbs, smears and general detritus of many previous slice eaters. Occasionally wiping things down wouldn't hurt is what I'm saying.   I can see where a person might stop here, drunk, at 2am and sit under the harsh fluorescent lights, eating greasy carbs and regretting their life choices.	 1
2 greasy, oily crust, pizza slices for 13 bucks! 13 bucks!!!  NO WONDER THE PIZZA PRICES ARE NOWHERE TO BE FOUND ON THE MENU BOARD.  They claim its there but its not!! On top of that you get the  rude, bullying on top of it! Terrible food, terrible attitude!  I know these guys are far away from Little Italy but a big part of me is glad the Chinese are taking over Little Italy!	 1
We ordered delivery to our hotel room, was given an estimate time of 30 mins, and 30 mins it was! The best pizza in NYC!! Garlic bread With cheese was amazing!! And they also sent plates, napkins, red pepper flakes, oregano and garlic!!! Great job!!! Def reasonably priced as well. Large pizza and cheese bread under 30 dollars!	 0
Chicken and bacon pizza, pepperoni were outstanding!  Our second time here.  Definitely lives up to great tasting, quality pizza!  Must try!	 0
I stopped at this location on Dec 3. It was without a doubt the worst pizza experience I have had in NYC with 25 years of regular travel to the city. The service was rude, the pizza came out of the oven lukewarm with huge globs of cold  ricotta( yuck), it was way overpriced. In addition the limited seating area was difficult to negotiate.	 1
$8.44 for a crappy slice slice of pizza and a small coke?! Not to mention rude employees. Never coming back here again and don't recommend this place at all. Walk on by folks.	 1
Terrible pizza, absolutely ridiculous prices. I gave it a chance and seriously regret it.	 1
Oh my gosh!!! I love these slices! Authentic NY Pizza! Pepperoni, onion, bacon is my favorite!	 0
I loved my experience here.  I had a reservation for 3 and when we were shown to our table, they gave us a spot in the back room on the upper level and it was really great. The table was really intimate and everything felt romantic, I would have really liked to have been on a date with someone there instead of with my friends!  The menu was pretty standard fare for Cuban food, but after ordering all the food and trying everything I have to say it was all phenomenal. My favorite was the pork belly and the yucca fries, I was obsessed with the yucca fries.  TIP: if you want sparkling water...it comes in $6 a bottle in Voss Sparkling water bottles. You're half way to a cocktail with that kinda money...so just be warned if that's what you're normally looking for.   Also, if you don't specify that you want regular flat water, they might give you flat Voss (which is what happened to us when we asked for both sparkling and flat, and we had to fork out the $6 for that flat water ) but that's a rookie mistake. Besides the water mishap, everything was great! I'm definitely coming back.	 0
This place was horrible from the jump. They told us that we had a 15 minute grace period if we were late for our reservation. And me and my boyfriend were the first to arrive at 10 after. They said we couldn't sit until all of our table arrived so they gave away our table. Are you fucking kidding me??  Then while we were sitting it was so small and so crowded we could barely breathe. They were able to do us the courtesy of extending our open bar for an extra half hour since they messed up and gave away our table.  Then me and the girls went to the bathroom and the "manager" (who was a guy btw) came running In to the girls bathroom and yelled at us because we were "playing with the lights". First off we weren't playing with the lights it was another group of girls who came into the bathroom hammered and were leaning on the wall where the lights were and we're screaming at us in the women's bathroom to get the fuck out! Are you fucking kidding me you are screaming at us to get out of the restaurant for "playing with the lights"? Like I should sue u for running into the girls bathroom! We could have been getting changed or something? A few other girls yelled at him for what he did and some of the other girls who worked there told him to leave. But they were siding with him like it's okay to run up into a girls bathroom and yell at us for "playing with the lights" are you fucking kidding me. They were in such a rush to get us out of there they made our whole experience unpleasant. We will never go back there!!!	 1
We choose to have dinner at Cuba because we are going to Cuba in a few days!!  First of all, the place is amazing!!! Live music in a corner, cigar rolling in another and cocktails at the bar -this place is happening!!!!   We chose to start our Cuban feast with appetizers to share. We went for the tostones filled with shrimp and tomato sauce: delicious! And we got the 3 empanadas: 1 chicken, 1 beef , 1 greens and cheese. The last one was my favorite. Great finger food!   Our main courses were the stuffed chicken with cheese, plantain, and zucchini. I like this but my favorite was the other dish we chose, the seafood stew with lobster broth. That my friends, was the best trip to flavor town I've taken in a while. I actually ate most of the rice with the sauce...   No dessert needed.   I can't wait to go back and try other dishes. The atmosphere is fabulous!	 0
Amazing place!! Food was outstanding, service was superb. We were seated downstairs and our wait was about 5min for a walk in of a party of 6. The ambience was lovely, softly lit intimate place. Great for catching up with friends. The noise level allows for conversation.  I had a caipirinha which was delicious. I had the steak and it was so soft, tender and juicy it was unbelievable (I'll have to return again) one of my friends has the ropa vieja and she loved it. As I write this I'm already planing my next visit.	 0
What better place to dine with friends after a trip to Cuba. Cuba NYC was just like the real thing. From the décor to the service - a very authentic Cuban restaurant. Try not to miss the cigar roller at the door when you visit!  We really enjoyed our dining experience. It is a small restaurant and bar area and it tends to get crowded easily but its definitely worth any inconvenience - if any.	 0
I really wanted to love this place but the food was a let down. The location is great, the ambiance is lovely and inviting, even cozy in certain nooks and crannies, the staff was super efficient and attentive but as a foodie I needed the food to be on par and it wasn't.  For appetizers we shared the empanadas. The cheese was my fave then the beef and finally the chicken was my least favorite because the chicken was dry.  Let me just say that I love Spanish food and hold it in a high regard so when I had the huevos rancheros and tasted my dish which was basic I was highly disappointed. Yes, the waiter mentioned that the dish would look like a quesadilla but that should not mean tasteless.The potatoes on the side were blah, the dish did not come with crema or Guacomole, so I asked for hot sauce and ketchup. Those usually makes things better but it didn't in this case.   I was happy we shared the sweet plantains. That was the highlight for me. So although we ordered regular and mango mimosas that were nice and refreshing, it was not enough make up for flavorless food I had.	 1
Everything from the ambience, food, service, and local charm deserved 5 stars. I came here with a party of 4 with a reservation at 8:30. We were running 20 minutes late and they were very accommodating.  The atmosphere is small and quaint, charming, and intimate. The bar area is small but the cocktail menu is varietal and fun. I ordered a pineapple mojito and it was fresh and delicious. If they weren't $12 a pop I could've had 4 more of them.  For apps I had the empanadas - options were chicken, beef, and cheese I believe. I ordered one of each to share with my bf and they were all flavorful, warm, and wonderful. The green dipping sauce it was accompanied with was tangy and the perfect compliment to the dish. For my main I had the paella valenciana, which had chicken, baby back ribs, shrimp, and peas. It was without a doubt one of the best paellas I've ever had. My bf had the ropa vieja and said it was fantastic, it comes in a fried plantain cup and I was definitely eyeing it for next time. We also had a side of yucca fries which were light, crisp and delish. We did not have dessert as we were too full...  I look forward to coming back and trying out their ropa vieja and ceviches! Yummmm.	 0
If you're craving for something along the lines of Spanish food... then you have to come here!  This is THE spot for Cuban food.  My friend made a reservation for 7:00 PM on a Friday night and the place was already 3/4 packed!  We were seated quickly and was offer drinks right after!  We ordered an Ultimate Mojito, Passion Fruit Sangria, Tostones Con Mojo, Choclo, Pollo Guajira, Paella Valenciana and Tamal Cubano.  Ultimate Mojito/Passion Fruit Sangria - really good drinks!  I highly recommend the passion fruit sangria if you're a light drinker but wants something fruity.  Tostones Con Mojo - fried green plantains topped with garlic mojo.  These were really good!  The plantains were crispy but also chewy.  The garlic went so well with the tostones!  Choclo - sauteed Peruvian corn.  This is not your ordinary order of corn!  These corns are a lot bigger than normal and a lot more chewy as well.  Highly recommend this side dish!  Pollo Guajira - this dish consists of chicken breast, sweet plantain, mozzarella, mushrooms, zucchini, white wine sauce, rice and beans.  The chicken breast I ate was one of the JUICEST!  Seriously, one bite and it melts in your mouth!!!  It is super hard to find a place that doesn't make chicken dry but this spot really perfected it!  I like how they give you a side of black beans as optional to pour over the rice!  Paella Valenciana - this dish consists of saffron rice, chicken, baby back ribs, shrimp, roasted red peppers, fava bean, sweet peas and artichokes.  One of the best paella I have ever ate!  The saffron rice was super flavorful and soft!  The shrimp was SOOOO GOOD and I did not expect it to be!  I was slightly disappointed at the baby back ribs though - it wasn't too flavorful.   Tamal Cubano - roasted pork tamale with garlic mojo.  One of the best tamale I have ever ate.  The pork was super tender.  I wanted to mention the portions of all the food was very generous especially the Paella!  We really couldn't finish it so we took it to go.  They give you a really nice take out box too!  The service here was superb as well.  Our waiter always made sure our table and utensils were clean and that our glass of water was never empty!  The aura of this place was super romantic as well - candles on every table (dim lights) and a live band!  Overall, I am extremely happy with my experience at this restaurant and definitely recommend it to everyone looking at this page!  I will be back!	 0
I better hurry and write a review of this place before they go out of business. But then again, this place might ironically outlive us all. I did end up eating there a few times now just because they seem to be one of the few restaurants on St. Marks opened early enough in the daytime. After a 10am session at Yoga to the People, I can be uncharacteristically blasé about where I eat.   Funny how I can't find any traces of Shabu on their menu even though the name of their restaurant is clearly: Pho32 & Shabu. In fact, they have a hodgepodge of every mainstream Asian food they can fill in except for Shabu. A very basic selection of Chinese dim sum, Vietnamese banh mi, Thai pineapple fried rice, Taiwanese bubble tea, etc. All on the menu with pictures. There's a how-to eat Pho section on their menu. It all begs the question: Why are they oversimplifying Asian food so much?	 1
We decided to give the Vietnamese sandwiches a try.  We usually go to another place down the street.  AWFUL  They have very little meat, which in the case of the classic was a good thing.  The Classic was cold, old roast beef and bad ham.  There is very little flavor other than that. The Chicken maybe had an ounce of chicken and not much else.  We also picked up some Pad Thai which was bland, tasteless and mushy.  We waited almost 30minutes for out takeout and the place was EMPTY.  Not to mention they had bad radio pop music blaring out of speakers placed around the restaurant, very weird.  the staff was nice.  There are a ton of other noodle/vietnamese places on the block.  I suggest you try another one.	 1
What the PHO? Koreans cooking Vietnamese food? Just no.  The Pho broth is way too light - it is missing that soul that real Vietnamese food has. The house plates taste like something I could cook at home. That is pretty sad because I can't cook.   The food is pricey, the service is slow - how do they have so many locations? We'll never know.  If anyone knows a legit Vietnamese joint please let me know! LA has me craving some real Pho Pho =(   These rhymes brought to you by a Korean, that doesn't cook Pho well either.	 1
This is probably the worst pho I have EVER had... I'm sorry but I am from Houston where there is a large Vietnamese population. I've been spoiled with real good pho and other dishes.   I ordered both a pho and a grilled pork and egg roll bun. I was extremely hungry after a long work out. This was the only place opened after midnight  My large pho was extremely bland, flavorless, and the meat was very limited. Why would I ever want to pay a few bucks more just for a few slivers of meat? it makes no sense  The vermicelli bowl was embarrassing, The amount of noodles was almost non existing. The grilled pork was extremely dry and over cooked.  The fish sauce was completely bland and flavorless!  The waiter however was extremely nice and attentive. I feel bad he also gave me a free shot of sake and a sprite. Not something I needed after a work out but how can i ever turn down free stuff??	 1
*This story involves 2 creepers* I was walking around the East Village with one of my girlfriends, trying to find a place for dinner. 2 guys approached us and asked for recommendations on where to eat. Being an avid yelper, I started pointing out my favorite restaurants in the East Village. Next, they asked us if they could join us for dinner... you know... a dinner date. More like... NO. My gf and I started walking quickly so that we could lose them. We decided to try Pho 32. The pho comes in 3 sizes, small, medium, large. I had the beef brisket pho. Since the medium was only a dollar more than the small, and I was famished, I decided it would be worth it. The broth was pretty plain... it almost tasted like water. Dude.. did you guys run out of fish sauce or beef bones or whatever? Apparently so. When we left and headed for the subway station, those guys found us again. OMG. One guy kept asking for my number and wanted to go on a date. Urm... NO.  Note: credit card minimum is $10	 1
I don't review very often but I thought it was necessary after seeing this place being panned the past few months.  My boyfriend and I are a regular here. This place has great pho. Fresh and good-size portions. If you're reading reviews about the broth not being "flavorful" enough these people don't know HOW to eat pho. The broth, while light, has the flavor of brisket and parsley as it is supposed to, and I always add two to three lime squeezes while my boyfriend adds chili and oyster sauce.  The great thing about pho is that you customize the intensity of the broth flavor to your own taste, and for me most of the time I seek out pho I'm looking for a filling and tasty meal that's not too heavy on the sauces like ramen or thai curry can be.   I love this place and come here every week or two. Good price (my favorite is the mini pho with sandwich) and good food. Don't pass this place up just because of these reviews or a quiet night.	 0
Memorial day weekend, and me having my shoes fixed on St. Marks, I had an hour and a half to fill. My daughter, who hadn't had lunch yet at the first sign of Pho said we are going there. My mistake, I didn't yelp the place and decided to walk in.... The Good's - Place is pretty big, very clean - Bathroom was spotless - service was pleasant - They have instructional videos on how to eat Pho and Shabu, which even for a confident Pho lover, was helpful. - Excellent street view  The Bad's - Slightly expensive than any other Vietnamese Pho joints - Pho was pretty substandard. It was like boiled water with some flavoring cube added to it. Though the meat was pretty good.  To be fair, if I wasn't a regular Pho eater, and was going in just to try pho, i would have been satisfied with this place. But this reviewer has been tainted with some excellent Pho joints in NYC	 1
I've finally been to all 3 Pho 32s in the NY area. No, it's not authentic. In fact, it's not even good. But they played my song. That instantly bumped their rating up 2 stars. *If you do your math correctly, that means they are actually worth 0 stars.   Overpriced, mediocre quality, just some starch to fill up our stomachs when there's nowhere else to go for pho cravings.	 1
They've taken shabu shabu off the menu, so all that's left is mediocre pho. Service wasn't great. Food was meh. There's much better options on this street.	 1
Worst pho I have ever had. In fact, to call it pho is a travesty because it isn't actually pho. It's very clearly dried rice noodles, not the fresh Vietnamese pho that is meant to be used in the soup. I ordered the Ph4 and got maybe three pieces of beef. I ate this angrily and quickly because it was so terrible and I just wanted to get myself full and get out of there.   For all the reviews here giving 3 or more stars, be sure to read them carefully because they all preface it by saying that they don't have much experience eating pho. Even Baoguette down the street (which specializes in banh mi and not pho) has better pho than this place which is NAMED Pho.   If it weren't for the $3 beer I would honestly want to give this place 0 stars. Failure across the board.	 1
What an overrated let down!! Came here for the much reviewed and over advertised burger... spare yourself the salty disapointed. It comes undercooked or overcooked showing the inexperienced or laziness of the cook who is likely turning over hundreds of these on a busy night. That's forgivable but what cannot be stomached  (literally) is the salty blue cheese sauce that the burger is smothered in. It's already a salty cheese but this was salted ontop which is unbearable. Your mouth will literally chap from the salt as your tongue flaps around your mouth trying to find the beefy flavors described by other reviewers who just love this burger. You won't find them unfortunately. Theyre gone having met a salty death. Sorry.   If you go for it anyway then make sure the waiter leaves you a pitcher of water.	 1
Make a reservation. I got super lucky and someone cancelled their reservation so we were seated within 15 min otherwise the wait is 45min-1 hour.   The tables are tiny af but it is NYC so I can't complain. They are not flexible with any substitutions. My friend wanted salad or something other than the fries and they were like no...denied.   I got the deviled eggs and Chicken liver toast- REALLY GOOD but salty. SO SALTY !!!! I still really liked it though- I would come back for these items but I am a huge deviled eggs fan- they are heavy on the mustard.   I got a mimosa as well- for $15 there was not enough champagne.  For my entree I got the burger------DRY, SALTY.....not a fan. I dont know if the other entrees were better but I ate like 1/4 of the burger and had to let it go. It was so dry. I asked for a side of mayo but they said they had no mayo....def a lie. If you're making deviled eggs you have mayo.....  Overpriced tourist trap is what it is. Staff is nice but the food is really a struggle....  Come for the apps and drinks!	 1
Service is so slow, wait time is so long; the food is just okay. Went for brunch on a saturday and was told the wait was 20 minutes--actually took 30. We were seated at our table and we waited, we waited to order our food, we waited an unnaturally long time to get our food (about 30 minutes), we waited for the table to be cleared. The whole thing took much longer than anticipated.  The food itself was just okay, nothing specular. The chicken liver toast is pretty amazing. The burger was mediocre as was the dutch baby. Over all this place isn't worth the long wait outside or in.	 1
There is simply no way this is a Michelin star restaurant.   The management staff are great, the host staff are great, the bar staff are great, the runners are great, the servers & back waiters are great.   The kitchen is SHOCKING.   At a table for two which could barely hold a single entree plate and two bread plates once all our glasses and wine bottle were on it, they actually tried to serve us three dishes simultaneously! They took away our table water (and then never filled the glasses again), and we put the wine on the floor (which the hipster jackasses eating cheeseburgers at the table next to us kept nearly kicking over) to make room for the second one, but we insisted they take the third one away. Near as we can tell, this crashed the kitchen; by the time we left the couple on the other side of us had been waiting 20 minutes for their second course. So much for whomever expedites the kitchen.   The food was completely mediocre. Four courses:   The gnudi were harshly over-seasoned and otherwise unremarkable in every way.   The skate was somehow both overcooked and seemed raw at the same time. It had no color, no texture, was also over seasoned and the sauce and garnish were bland. It was a huge plate of white, gummy salt.   The squid on toast was completely under seasoned. The toast had been allowed to go soggy.   The pork cheek, when we finally got it, was a joke. Unmistakable from short ribs (by which I mean beef) and swimming in a pool of runny grits which were supposed to be polenta.   If Chef April has not checked in on this kitchen recently, she should. The FOH is really knocking it out for her, but the brigade in the back is on auto-pilot in the wrong direction.	 1
We waited a long time to get it, sadly the food was not worth the wait.  We had burgers and asked for medium temperature but they came out actually frozen in the middle and bloody red the rest.  Our waiter was awesome and took the burgers back to the kitchen.  They came back completely unchanged and cold to the touch!    Then the waiter said he'd take them off the bill since we returned them untouched.  Nope we were charged for the mela we didn't eat.	 1
I was traveling for work and was looking for a great place to eat that still had a casual atmosphere and came across The Spotted Pig. I'm so glad that I did!  Even on a random Thursday, this place was pretty busy, about an hour long wait, but that gave me a chance to walk around and explore the neighborhood and chat with folks while I waited for a seat.  I don't generally go out and eat solo, so I wasn't sure how they would respond with me taking up a table, but the service was terrific. They were friendly, helpful, and very polite throughout the entire meal.  I started with the olives, they were good, but nothing special, just three or four different types. The real treat began with the ricotta gnudi. They were just a touch chewy on the outside with a delicious creamy inside. They were bathed in a white sauce and topped with just a bit of bitter pesto. When you had a bite with all the flavors, including the walnuts, it was divine.  For my entree I decided on their steak. It came out perfectly medium rare with charred onions, broccoli rabe, and topped with a romesco sauce. The meat was easy to slice, flavor and when combined with the smoky flavor of the onions or broccoli was absolutely terrific. I tend to have steaks out when I can, since I don't cook them at home too frequently and this was one of the best ones I've had in a very long time. The flavors were always perfectly balanced so each bite was an utter joy.  I decided to splurge and have dessert, and went with their flourless chocolate cake. This was the richest, most decadent chocolate cake I've ever had. It tasted like the just melted down the darkest chocolate that you can find and reshaped it into a softer block of delicious chocolate goodness. It was paired with a very sour creme fraiche that was great to help cut through the denseness of the cake. Paired with an Averna, this was a pure delight, one that I probably didn't need to finish, but I did because it was so tasty.  The other items looked good, most tables had the burger which made me a little envious until my steak arrived. With so many amazing restaurant choices to pick from I might not make it back, but if I was in the neighborhood and had the chance, I'd be more than happy to check out The Spotted Pig a second time.	 0
Absolutely fun place to have a satisfying meal and quality drinks. It was quite a struggle for me to settle with mushroom as my entree for my first visit to the spotted pig (as you might know I'm on a one week healthy diet bet... =) ) ! But even with the mushroom main dish, I loved the spotted pig. The dishes are a bit too salty for both me and my friend, but they were all very flavorful with amazing cheese!  Loved the cocktails! Staffs were very friendly and funny. As all my friends said, I have to come back for the burgers and I will!	 0
Very very bad service. Me and my friend watched other patrons who came after us receive their order but didn't receive ours. We were super hungry. When I inquired they told us some excuse of it taking longer to cook hers since she wanted medium well. When our orders did come, hers was so super rare which makes me doubt what she said. The burger itself was too rare and salty to be tasty. Plus it was super expensive at $26 per plate. Not sure what all the hype was about....	 1
I live for restaurants like this. Small, candle lit, chic, amazing service and incredible food!  The rigatoni with peas was so good, definitely going to order that every time.  We had so much fun at Lavagna as a group of 5. A special shout out to our sweet server Rob who brought out two desserts on the house since we live in on the block. Definitely a solid spot.	 0
Came here on a Saturday night, for a cozy date with one of my good friends. We split a bottle of their Sangiovese, their most cost-effective red wine, and it was delicious!  The service was great, we loved our salad, and 2 pasta entrees. About $50 a person with the wine.  The atmosphere is intimate and rustic--exactly what you would want in an Italian restaurant!  I made a reservation about 30 minutes before we arrived--7:45PM and had no problem being seated.  Highly recommend this place!!	 0
This is seriously my favorite Italian restaurant in New York! We stumbled upon it by chance after an event went late, and it was magical. I wish I could give them 100 stars!   We started out with the artichoke hearts, and I honestly didn't think it could get any better. It was mixed with some sort of hummus and so delicious! We also tried a tomato salad that was fantastic as well.   I couldn't decide what to order, but the manager told me that 17 years ago the restaurant started because of the amazing rigatoni recipe. It is the real deal. The rigatoni (and those amazing artichoke hearts) honestly made up the most incredible meal I've ever eaten in New York! I'm back home in San Francisco dreaming about it!!! I had my rigatoni with mushrooms instead of sausage, and it was just such perfection.   We sat outside at one of the cafe tables by the floor to ceiling windows. The trees and ambiance of neighborhood are a dream. The staff was beyond friendly, and even brought out a blueberry dessert with a candle for my boss.   On weekdays from 6-7 they have a $35 three course menu, which is an amazing deal.   If you choose one restaurant in NYC, this is it!	 0
Nothing not to love here.  Delicious food, fantastic wine list.  Intimate, and well decorated.  No tourists here.   A true NYC gem.	 0
Favorite spot to go in the East Village and there a bunch of great one to choose from. Spectacular bar and ambiance.  Rigatoni delicious; pork chop delicious; apple tart delicious.	 0
Cool place, super chill.  Food really really good.  Try the  monkfish - delicioso.  Carciolo appetizer ( artichoke) also great.  The kale caeser also really good.   Servers very nice and attentive.   Great place.	 0
Ate there last night. Arrived earlier than my reservation, still was seated right away. Host/Servers were exceedingly knowledgeable about the wine list and food menu. Ordered the carciofo al forno as an appetizer which was absolutely delicious and filling before the rigatoni and ravioli as the main course. Both were possibly the best pasta dinner I have had in NYC thus far. Ordered the special apple crotata for dessert and ended an amazing night. The quiet, intimate ambiance was perfect for a date. Candlelit, open kitchen view, will definitely come back soon.	 0
Excellent food and service.  Would definitely go back and recommend to anyone looking for a great place to eat in the East Village.	 0
My fiancé and I were looking for a new restaurant for a cozy date night, and Lavagna did not disappoint. Everything hit the spot from the wine to the olive oil, food, and service. We shared the Tuscan kale Caesar salad to start, then my fiancé had the steak. I ordered an appetizer size portion of truffle pasta as my entree, and we shared a side of roasted brussel sprouts. To finish, we split the apple crostata, which was to die for. Simple presentation, quality ingredients, delicious food. Highly recommend!	 0
What a cute place! Went with one of my girlfriends on a Friday night. This place is dimly lit with exposed brick. The food was fantastic. I had the parpadelle with rabbit and you could tell the noodles were hand made to perfection. The staff seemed stressed trying to seat people and get everything in order - but our food was wonderful. A little loud, so not a great place for huge groups	 0
Terrific restaurant in an area I would not expect. (Alphabet City in Manhattan).  Service was fantastic - and the meal was hearty and enjoyable. Had the Rigatoni and the Pork Chop. My friend had a special fish of the day (Mackerel). Dessert was yummy too! No complaints at all.	 0
Hit and miss with this restaurant.  Reservations are suggested.  Took a date there a couple of months back; they were not very accommodating with allergies and her food was way over salted.  Sometimes it's great, but it is also a little expensive for the area.  I've dined here several times but am not hurrying back.	 1
My love and I went on our first night in NYC, and left giving the owner a hug! After reading tons of reviews I made reservations a week before our trip. We couldn't have been happier. He had the lamb, and I had the ravioli (loved it), but our favorite was the delicious wine, a bottle of Prevostura Lessona (2010). Wow!  The service, the candlelight, the food, everything was so memorable. Including the dessert! Next time we are in NYC we will be sure to go back.	 0
I first found Lavagna 17 yrs ago by just walking in the neighborhood. I no longer live in Manhattan so , unfortunately , I do not have opportunity to enjoy , great service , the fabulous wine list and delicious pizza, salads, pastas and of course , their red snapper for two. They are consistently terrific . Smart service, great food, great room with a few outdoor tables. Just a great place.	 0
It's a NY Deli and cafe, with plenty of options. Prepared Hot food looks delicious and homemade.  I ordered the chicken cutlet parmigiana on hero bread- delicious!   It's on a tourist block but I was greeted warmly and not rushed to place my order...	 0
I can't believe they charge $10 for a freaking ham & cheese on a roll. Absolutely nothing special about it. It's absurd.	 1
I had pork chops in a tomato sauce with lemon roasted potatoes. Delicious. I could eat it every day. The burgers are nice as is the half-chicken dinner. Stir's fresh food reminds me of mom's home cooking. Lunch is quick, easy and affordable.	 0
Most places make a nice bacon and egg sandwich for between $2-4 and generally somewhere inbetween depending on what boro you're in and how nice the area is. I have yet to come across a $5 bacon and egg sandwich but Stir Cafe has the audacity to charge that much and make one of the worst bacon and egg sandwiches I have ever had. Yes, even worse than the Halal deli guys who can't give you actual bacon in their sandwich.   The most overpriced bacon and egg sandwich I have ever seen in my life at $5, and looking so pitifully imbalanced  with what seems like 3 eggs and just 2 measly strips of bacon, you would think that the country had a pork shortage. Stay the hell away.	 1
This is the worst place in the area! I decided to finally go here since I work in the area and it was raining. This was a bad experience overall and if I could rate it lower, I would. The staff in this place are rude and unfriendly. The food is ok but the prices take the prize.   Their prices are BEYOND RIDICULOUS! I typically get a bacon and egg sandwich on a roll for $3.50 everywhere else in this area. Stir charged me $6 for the same sandwich! At first she put on the computer that it was the "coffee combo" and I pointed out that I didn't ask for coffee! She then changed it to something else, but it was still $6. This is ridiculous and I will never visit this place again. As someone else in here said, this place is a TOURIST TRAP! They know that tourists don't know better and take advantage! They should be ashamed.  DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!! IT'S A RIPOFF	 1
The counter lady is downright rude and the prices are very high. My order came to $13.01, the lady asked me if i had a penny, i said 'no'. She proceeds to tell me that I will need the penny in order to get my food. This is after i gave the dumb a** $14.00. They nickel and dime EVERYTHING! The food is average, prices sky high.....there are several better places to eat in lower Manhattan, stay far from this place.	 1
None of the beverages are price-marked..so you have no idea until it is rung up what is the costs.  Very unfriendly lade at the register did not blink when I ask why 12 oz lemonade cost $3.95 + tax.	 1
I ordered from Stir Cafe a few times, and at first the experience went well... Until one day i ordered a salad, like i usually do, and as i am eating my salad, there was a glove. YES a piece of glove from one of the cooks in my salad... I called the restaurant asap and explained what i found in my salad. First i got a rude man on the phone and as i am explaining to him, he put me on hold and then i got a female. In which she was nice, but i found her with a who care attitude. She stated to me that she is sorry and that she will send me up another order. Well, i did not receive my order, nor did i get a phone call, until it was 7:30 or 8:00pm, I was home washing clothes. I was asked did i place an order and i stated no, I hung up.. However, I did call grub-hub and explained what happen, i was refunded my money that next day.. I will never eat at STIR CAFE again....	 1
TOURIST TRAP.   If I could give less than one star I would. This place exists only to prey on tourists who don't know any better and for those of us that work in the attached building when we don't want to go out in the rain. The food is awful, the prices are outrageously high, and the staff is horrible - it is an absolute embarrassment.	 1
The last time I came to new York this was a great breakfast restaurant. I was looking forward to having breakfast there all week.  They've changed. They've taken to nickel and diming. I won't be back.	 1
It was a cold day on saturday and we needed something to keep us warm. We saw this coffee shop and decided to grab some Joe. The Misses had a latte and I had a double expresso. Not sure but 5 bucks for a latte and 4 bucks for a double expresso seems rather expensive... I mean I can head over to the Starbucks and indulge in a better grade of coffee for a lower price too...   The Misses tossed her's in the garbage, not sure if the milk was sour or if they added something into her drink that they were not suppose to by mistake " I hope " but it was bitter and sour " Maybe bad milk " not sure but it wasn't good.  My expresso was water downed, really not enjoyable adding sugar actually made it worse. Not sure what happened here but It wasn't worth what I paid. Actually, I wouldn't serve what "we" got to the public.	 1
Great little cafe for a quick eat in the financial district. My egg sandwich was the best I've had. They were getting ready for lunch and the salad bar was beautiful and featured a variety of fresh vegetables and salad toppings. Really glad I found this place!	 0
Terrible burgers. Avoid. I came in here expecting a blue cheese burger and it looked like it was just a dab of mayo on it. Really crappy meat. I recommend they actually start making decent burgers or drop the price.	 1
We only came here because of it's proximity to the bull. The pastry selection was blah, and nothing else really caught my eye. Coffee was just ok. Weird infighting amongst the staff, as if they pick on each other all day long.	 1
Guy behind the mexican counter licked his glove and kept serving food. This place is a tourist trap. Tuna salad was okay everything else was gross.	 1
Yummy house delivers value and quality to which no other restaurant can compare.  I've been coming here regularly for 14 years.  I survived on a regular dose of General Tso's chicken throughout my college career.  Now that I'm in the "real world" I still head back here or order delivery several times a month.  The decor is not too fancy, but the atmosphere is nice enough to have a delicious casual meal in a comfortable setting.  I've celebrated birthdays, anniversaries, valentines, and other special occasions here.  They allow you to bring your own wine, so with trader joe's wine shop around the corner it's worth paying the corking fee to have a drink with dinner.    The service here is warmer than most chinese restaurants to which I've been.  In many Chiense restaurants, I feel like the wait staff can be callous and rushed.  At yummy house, on the other hand, I feel like I can take my time and enjoy myself.    Some of my favorite dishes include: General Tso's chicken, General Tso's shrimp, the sizzling steak, steamed vegetable buns, steamed mixed dumplings, and the spicy beef.    With the dinner and lunch specials, you get a choice of soup, soda or egg roll and the portions are sizable.  The food is not as greasy and is more creative than many chinese places.  EAch dish is distinct.	 0
Rancid!!! DO NOT EAT HERE!  Their address is 174 2nd Ave (between 11th St & 12th St) inside the Plump Dumpling building.  My noodles were gross, my roast pork was inedible, and my wontons were beyond rancid. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. I ate 2 bites of my soup and threw it away.	 1
BEWARE:  We love  Yummy House, and have really missed them since they have been closed for renovations.  I called tonight on the off chance that they would be open again and was happily suprised when the phone was answered.  They told me they are sharing the location on 11th & 2nd w/Plump Dumpling but they have their chef.    I was incredibly disappointed as the food we ordered was not Yummy House quality.  I don't know what is going on but it's not good.  I have never liked plump dumpling's food and i think they are now fulfilling Yummy House's orders.  Yuck!  Hopefully this will change and I will update soon.	 1
Eh, not a fan.  A few days ago, I tried Grand Sichuan International, which is literally next door to my house.  I did a Yelp review of other Chinese restaurants around the hood, and Yummy House popped up.  I trekked a few blocks out of the way to try the exact same thing I had at Grand, so here is a side by side analysis of my discovery:  Constant:  Orange beef, fried rice, hot and sour soup.  -  Hot and sour soup at Grand Sichuan was peppery and full of tofu.  Hot and sour soup at Yummy House is spicy and full of mushrooms.  Both were good, but I think YH blows Grand out of the water on this one.  Really tasty and flavorful!  -  Fried rice, meh.  YH fried rice seemed old and too crispy.  They automatically give you chicken fried rice whereas Grand gives you veggie fried rice.  All in all, the rice at Grand had more flavor and had chunks of egg in it, and the rice at YH just had chunks of onion.  I would say the fried rice at Grand was better.    - ORANGE BEEF, man, this shit was night and DAY.  Again, I HATE bad meat in restaurants, and for this reason I rarely order it.  I usually go for meatless chicken dishes if it's an option, or I just get veggies.  The meat in Chinese food is usually fatty, gristly, and just really bad quality.  The meat at Grand wasn't like this though.  It was soft and delicious and full of flavor, and has NO FAT or GRISTLE.  The beef at YH was the complete opposite.  It was tough as hell, full of fat, and gristly as shit.  I had one bite and threw the rest away.  All in all, Grand wins this one.  Yes, it's 25 cents more expensive than YH, but the quality of the food is way better.  Yummy House, YA BURNT!	 1
Very disappointing!  Just keep on walking to Grand Sichuan over on St. Mark's, and you will thank me later...  For lunch I had the steamed buns with pork as an appetizer and the curry chicken with chicken fried rice for the entree.  The steamed buns were almost gelatinous and very chewy.  As there was not much filling, this ended up being a bland mess.  The curry was a little watery and the blend of spices was insufficiently complex -- a real whimper.    The server was neither particularly friendly nor did he have much to say.  Once I signed my credit slip, about 1/2 second passed before he grabbed the slip from my hands.  Wow, that was the  only thing that was fast in this restaurant.  Oh, and do I really need to make a special request for chopsticks in a -- Chinese -- restaurant??  Bad sign!	 1
They get 1/2 a star for delivering my food in 40 minutes and another 1/2 of a star for the decent taste of the food......... but as for the delivery guy who literally yelled at me when I gave him $8 for my order that came to $6.81 while I was in front of my staff and clients, they won't be getting any more stars.    Needless to say, I won't be ordering from them again.  I was also courteous enough to tell the delivery guy that he won't have to worry about seeing another inadequate tip for me either.	 1
I've had a lot of dishes on the menu, and it is great.  Three things.   1.  People are great, food is excellent, and service is really fast.  If you order take out you won't wait for more than 5 minutes from order to getting the food.   2.  Food is great, I've had the orange beef, sesame chicken, and seafood special, and all are great.  Plus it comes with soup and rice.   3.  Price is very reasonable, and compels me to frequent this place over and over again.  (also helps i live right near by.)  Bottom line, if you want really quality food, for cheap price and no wait (the ideal dining experience), order from here.	 0
For good value on good quality chinese food, yummy house is as good as it gets.  The ambiance is unassuming but clean, the service is meek yet attentive, and the food is both well portioned and delicious.    The menu is not exactly original.  Dishes go by the same names at all the neighborhood chinese restaurants in the city, but the execution here is typically done to a higher standard.  Yummy house has been my go-to chinese restaurant of choice for the past 13 years.   Over that time span I've tried more authentic food at  places like szechuan gourmet or Wu liang ye but for good value on familiar staple dishes Yummy house still holds its own.    Some of my favorite dishes include: General Tso's chicken (ask for white meat), General tso's tofu, sizzling steak, hot and spicy beef, wonton soup (they add spinach leaves!), hot and sour soup, egg roll (perfectly browned and crispy!), and assorted dumplings.    While General Tso's chicken (GTC) is not an authentic chinese dish in that it was invented in America, it is certainly one of the most ubiquitous and most ordered dishes at chinese restaurants.  Some people don''t like their general tso's chicken sweet, but i think it is far preferrable to the semi-sweet and savory sauce that is used at other chinese places.  At yummy house, the GTC is generally medium to large chunks of chicken coated in a sticky sweet brownish-orange glaze with chili peppers soaked in for a twinge of spice (just don't eat one by mistake).  I've had GTC at dozens of restaurants and few have ever compared to yummy house's interpretation of this staple dish.    Another nice perk is that you can bring your own wine to have with your meal, though you are required to pay a corking fee of just a few dollars.  Since Trader joe's wine store is just two blocks away, it can be quite convenient for an impromptu night of casual romance.    Overall, I think this is a very good neighborhood restaurant and even go out of my way to visit when i'm in the mood for a good value on a good meal.  Try the General Tso's chicken.	 0
Perfect mid day snack / coffee / tea / work on your laptop with their free wifi - joint. Oh yeah and they have a full bar too. I always slip in around 2:30p - 3-ish when they're not so busy to work and for one of their amazing burgers and a side of home made mashed potatoes. Also excellent are their  kebab combos, and if you're in a salad mood try the Chicken Fiesta Salad (I do however tell them to go easy on the jalapeños but yeah...)	 0
I have been coming to this place for 18 years with my husband and what can I say it's amazing every time we visit . This is visit we decided to bring our daughters which they haven't been a while and they enjoyed it . We ordered the combo plate and chicken kebab plate and the four of us shared it . It is always so tasty and a fairly good portion. The staff is always friendly and service is pretty quick . If you ever decide to go at night they have comedy club just downstairs .	 0
DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE "chalkboard" tables. These people are BEYOND rude. My first experience here they gave us dirty spoons, the waitress also had a stank face the whole time. The second time my friend had to use the bathroom that's in the basement and there is a comedy show downstairs so my friend took a snapchat of the show admiring it, and one of the workers snatched her phone and deleted the video. HOW CAN SOMEONE DO THIS?!? This could have been done in a polite way. NOT TO MENTION THE FOOD IS SO BORING AND TASTELESS. Never coming here ever again.	 1
I went here today for lunch.  Sometimes it's just better to skip a meal.    I chose their lunch special ($6.75) opting for the penang curry beef with white rice.  Additionally, I ordered an appetizer of summer rolls ($4.25) on the side.    The summer rolls were almost entirely filled with lettuce and some carrots.   Of the 4 rolls served, I only managed to eat one due to the poor quality, ignoring the other 3 all together.  I did detect a single shrimp in it, but really these rolls were just terrible.  Wrapped salad is how they should be labeled on the menu.    The penang curry was also disappointing.  There were about 5 pieces of beef, an amazing amount of onions, plenty of green beans, and some bamboo shoots in a spicy coconut milk sauce.  The sauce was a bit thick and clunky.  Also too much coconut milk was used since the heat was only the barest hint of spice.  I prefer a much more aggressive curry than this.  The over emphasis on inexpensive ingredients really made this dish suffer.  The decor is actually not so bad.  But I thought it was odd that the entire time I was having lunch in this very spacious restaurant, I was the ONLY person in the restaurant.  This was at peak time!  I would say this is the worst Thai food I ever had in NYC, but then I walked past Galanga on the way back to the office.  So, yes, you can do marginally worse.	 1
This joint was rather dark & dour. Our waitress seemed very sad, and I felt bad for her.  The ice tea tasted bland and had some kind of granular substance in it - I personally would rather not drink sand. The dumpling apps were kind of like the frozen ones you can get at stores in chinatown, but were served in a peanut based liquid sauce that was the consistency of water. I would have liked to have been able to see it, because it seemed a bit suspect, but the place is kept very dark. I guess I know why.  The tumeric beef was edible at best, forgettable to say the least, and just not good. the meat was sparse and didn't seem fresh, and the veggies were no good. I ate it, but just because I was hungry.   The 2nd star is for my friend because we had a great chat about ladies while we were there so that was fun.	 1
Really, really, wanted to add this resto as our "go-to"  Thai place.  Half way into our meal I notice the smell that permeated:  Roach Spray along side our window seat -great.  Then the un-thinkable ---Even Worst:  A White String - 4" dia. Rope Cord!!!  WTF?  This was in the Hot Pot cellophane seafood. No wonder this did not chew well, thought it was a super rubbery pc. of  squid!  Lazy Kitchen!  Don't even bother removing the string from the dry noodles when cooking... just throw the shit and serve?  I can understand when a busy kitchen can make mistakes on a Saturday night.  But, come on ---- 7:30pm and 2 other lonely tables?  And, btw Heads-Up the establishment (all Chinese) asked me "So, what do I want?"  "A discount?"  How about: clean, wholesome food.  Their website states:  "Authentic Thai Cuisine"  Yeah right, the other dish:  Green Curry was mediocre.  No dept what-so-ever.  No Thai would present this fake Mochi color Play-Oh mess!  Waste of money, real estate and leaving horrified.	 1
Go to Pinto around the corner if you want "Thai" food in the west village.  The seafood dumplings were basically fried thick dough with chewy meat inside.  I ordered the cashew chicken and I took a couple of bites of it and I just couldn't finish it.  I think the cashews may have been somewhat old.  The Thai Ice tea was very bland and watery.  The servers were okay, pretty attentive.  I'll pass on this place.	 1
Went by Thursday night and it is gone.  For Rent sign on the window.	 1
best to keep it short & sweet with a haiku.  shrimp: oddly tasteless despite the red curry sauce. service: sparse, sullen.	 1
If I could give 0 stars, I would. I went to the city for the first time ever and everyone's always raving about New York style pizza so I NEEDED to try it. My friends, who live in the city, suggested this place for a stereotypical, oversized, New York City style slice.   I hadn't even had a real slice of NY pizza and I know whatever they served me was not the real deal. I ordered a slice of cheese and it came out burnt! How was the server ok presenting that sad excuse of a pizza to me? The sauce was terrible, the cheese was dry and BROWN, the crust was burnt to a crisp and covered in loads of corn meal. Why corn meal? I don't know. I don't want to know.   I'm not sure why a New York native would suggest I go there but it might have something to do with the fact that she's vegan.   NEVER trust a vegan for pizza suggestions, and also never go to this establishment unless you really want to know what disappointment tastes like.	 1
Never thought I was going to say this, but this pizza is terrible. Two Boots is a big name and hugely popular in NY so I'm not sure if it's just this location, but I was very very disappointed when I first tried it here at Grand Central terminal. We ordered a regular cheese pie and it's everything I don't want a pizza to be...honestly Domino's would probably compare better. The crust was too thick, the cheese was sub-par quality...obviously processed mozzarella since it doesn't melt nicely (reminded me those pizza from NY public school lunch days), and the sauce was terrible....the spices were just not the right mix...it tasted like herbal medicine. The service was blah. Definitely do not recommend, especially if you're a New Yorker, and if you're not one, you definitely have a copious amount of good options.	 1
I spent most of last week in NYC - traveling from LA. As someone who is gluten and dairy free (allergic, not by choice) it can be challenging, but my only real food mission was to try to find a piece of delicious gluten free dairy free pizza.   My friend took me to Two Boots where I had the V for Vegan on Gluten Free crust. In LA I would've eaten a modest portion, but I was on vacation and I took down that whole generously portioned "small" pizza that actually can Serve 2 if paired with a salad or if you're only relatively hungry. (Menu says 1-2)  Amazing pizza and cool vibe/atmosphere and I googled them and realized they actually have LA locations and that takes away some of the sting of having to leave NY yesterday. Thank you two boots!	 0
So, hanging with local friends while visiting the city, we tell them we want pizza, and for them to recommend a spot. They directed us to Two Boots.  I feel betrayed by my friends. This was the worst slice I've ever had in the city and probably among the bottom 5 slices I've had anywhere, ever.  I've never had a 99 cent slice of pizza, but I can't imagine any way that it could have been worse than what they served me.  First of all, the slices were served burnt - badly burnt - on top and bottom. You couldn't even fold the slice with how the crust had been overcooked into a dried out cardboard sheet. Aren't they ashamed to serve pizza this bad in New York City? Even Pizza Rat wouldn't be caught dead here.  Second, the cheese. It didn't melt. It just sort of seared in place. I mean, it was brown. What the hell kind of cheese were they using? It reminded me of the cheese on those square Elio's frozen pizzas I used to eat when I was a kid.  Third, the sauce. Weird, too pungent flavor completely overpowered by oregano. Too acidic. Too salty. Too dry.  Fourth, the crust. Man, what an atrocity. In addition to being a stiff sheet of communion wafer, it was covered, way too liberally, in coarsely ground cornmeal that was literally and figuratively the most abrasive part of the meal. The corn meal tore up my mouth and got stuck in my teeth.  I'm actually so pissed that I wasted a meal of my NYC weekend on such bad pizza, at the recommendation of New Yorkers.  I would sooner eat a slice of Famous Original Ray's pizza off the floor of a swingers' club than ever eat a slice here again. In fact, I wish I had stuck my fingers down my throat and purged the garbage pizza from my system as soon as I ate it.	 1
Let me first say that as a vegan, I'm grateful just to have pizza. But as a former omnivore, I resent how hard Daiya tries (and fails!) to be anything like cheese.  The V is for Vegan slice I had while here with a friend for lunch had a great pesto flavor, but would have been much better without the faux cheese aftertaste. The incredibly thin crust and sparse toppings were also not very satisfying for a just-under-$5 slice of pizza, and in retrospect, I probably would have been happier with the cheese-less but more robust-looking Earth Mother slice.   I took my slice to eat in the cafeteria-style Grand Central eating area, but Two Boots has their own section to the right of their counter with more of a sit-down restaurant atmosphere.  Considering the lack of non-salad vegan options at Grand Central, I will likely be back again in hopes that their other vegetarian-friendly slices will be less than disappointing!	 1
I've been a big Two Boots fan for many years.  First went to the 3rd Street location near Avenue A and then was a regular at Bleecker Street and 7th Avenue in the Village.  Tasty pizza, cool toppings, spicy sauce, and unique thin crust with seeds.    Just picked up a small pie to bring back to my office and am very disappointed.  It seems that since my last visit, they're changed the formula and gone to a thick, doughy crust.  Crust reminded me of ...ah... Dominos!   Pizza didn't stink, but it's no longer the unique player in a crowded field the way it used to be.  By the way, for those who come to NYC and go to Two Boots in search of "New York Style Pizza," you've erred.  Two Boots is not and never was a good example of "New York Style Pizza."	 1
I mean....where do I even start?  I honestly feel like I could skip arm day at the gym because the whole time I was swatting away gnats and house flies.   The drinks were subpar and the pizza was the worst slice I've had in the city.   We also ordered the jambalaya which was dry and lacking flavor. The rice was clumpy and burnt.   Do yourself a favor and just go to shake shack.	 1
Slice options are adventurous, but slice price is a bit much for Dominoes grade crust	 1
I'm not sure if Two Boots' pizza is bad or gluten free pizza is bad...or both!  I'm on a gluten free journey for about as long as I can handle it to see if that helps with my overall wellbeing.  Anyways, I decided to try a gluten-free pizza from Two Boots yesterday.  They will make any small pizza a gluten-free pizza for $2.00 more.  The pizza looked like a thin crust pizza that was pressed in a perfect circle pan.  At first the pizza was HOT and gooey.  The crust was extremely crispy so I thought, "not too bad."  As the pizza cooled off though, the crust started getting really hard and it didn't have much of a taste or at least I couldn't figure out what it tasted like.  It really started tasting like cardboard with a side of sesame seeds (not something I've had lately but what I imagine cardboard to be).  Then the crust started getting so hard.  By the end of the 2nd slice, I tore up the top of my mouth with the hard crust- seriously, I have pieces of skin hanging on the roof of my mouth (sorry for the not so pleasant image) making it less enjoyable to eat today.  It was like eating pizza on old crackers.    Aside from the gluten-free part, the sauce tasted like Ellio's pizza or frozen pizza sauce--very generic and not quite so fresh.  The cheese was also lacking in freshness and flavor as well.  As for the customer service, everyone was super nice but the girl was eating food over the pizzas as she was talking to me and serving other customers, and the gloves she was using the serve the pizza touched every door, surface, etc. there was so I'm not quite sure what the purpose of gloves were.     Ehh... I don't think I'll come back here.  For regular pizzas, I want better sauce and cheese.  For gluten-free, I'll either just avoid pizza (I'm lactose anyways but wanted to try it) or make my own at home.	 1
I wish I could give zero stars. This was literally the worst pizza I've had. I've had better pizza from a convenience store. Unfortunately we were referred by the concierge in our hotel and by the time it was delivered we were starving and just ate it. Being from NY and having eaten my share of amazing pizza it's safe to say this was the worst.	 1
Great friendly service, good for groups.  Might be good for drinks, but the food was pretty average.  Odd mix on the menu of Irish, Mexican and Italian items.  I ordered the Caprese salad with Chicken. Yes, sacrilege, chicken on a Caprese salad? My bad for ordering a  combination that was never meant to exist together. Both the chicken and the mozzarella were bone dry, rather than moist and juicy.  The Balsamic reduction, was more of a bland bottled salad dressing than a bold balsamic drizzle. The spinach leaves were Ok but unexpected on a Caprese.  It should have been called a spinach chicken salad with Mozzarella, not a Caprese.   Filling lunch, but average and not what I was expecting given the name.	 1
I'm really gonna miss this place.  The food here was phenomenal.  I just hope the new place that's gonna replace M&G is just as good.	 0
I went here for lunch with some coworkers.  I ordered the chicken sandwich with fries.  The sandwich was pretty bland and the chicken was kind of dry.  The best part of the meal was the fries.  They were nicely cooked with a good flavor to them.  They were a little skimpy on them though.  Overall not a great impression.  With so many other places to choose from in the area I don't think I'll be back.	 1
Don't be a lazy bum like me.   When you see the behemoth front of M & G (and you really can't miss the straight-out-of-a-midtown-sketchpad design), keep walking another 4 blocks east. There, you'll find bars on bars on bars--from the swankiest, most innovative speakeasies, to the ultimate dive bar enthusiasts' denizens. And then you're in safe territory.  Because otherwise all you'll find here are radioactively neon colored frozen margs that are super icy and sweeter than Kool-Aid that's drinking its own Kool-Aid. And way too many NYU wannabe frat bros who have never actually set foot in a real fraternity.  The guac was the only redeeming factor. And I guess the margs are so massive you won't waste a lot of money buying multiple ones. But even those factors, combined with my supreme sloth, won't bring me to this establishment again.	 1
I know what you're thinking, because I thought it too:   "An Irish bar that serves Mexican fare?  Sign me up for a car bomb and a plate of nachos!"  Ok, no.  We ordered delivery and everything was soooooo gross.    I'm talking suburban strip mall quality ingredients.  Our fries came in a SEALED BROWN PAPER BAG that was soaked in grease and condensation --the fries were limp and tasted like the paper bag.  If you want to get a great burger in a darkened pub in that area, walk over to Laguardia Place and try GMT.	 1
When I give up trying to get a coherent answer from the waitress and walk up to the bar to place my drink order, I figure I know how the rest of the meal will progress...	 1
I'm on my way to puking in the bathroom. The portions are wonderfully large but fuck it's so unhealthy and for the moon high prices and mediocre quality, the portions are still not worth it. I regret it every time I can't motivate my lazy ass to fucking walk a block away to faaaaar better and cheaper food. The ambience, service, and other customers are that of a shitty dinner (old people, tourists, and stupid kids who have nothing else to do and don't know any better bars). STEER CLEAR FRIENDS.	 1
So sorry that this place closed! Sentimental value for me. Always met my Daughter here for dinner when she was going to NYU.	 0
I don't care what Yelp says, I care about what the juicy, HUGE, beautifully cooked NY Strip Steak said to me as I devoured it with onions and mushrooms: "This is the best steak in the Western Pennsylvania area, so stop reading reviews and eat me!"  Goos is the Geo's of Mt. Pleasant; cafeteria style lack of ambiance with delicious food. In other words, a real restaurant not caving to hipsters. :)	 0
Staff was pleasant enough and the salad bar was mediocre at best. Ordered bacon burgers expecting the taste of grilled beef but instead got a tasteless unidentified meat patty. There appeared to be some sort of white filler in it. When asked I was told it was pure black angus, but that must've been one sick and dying cow to taste like that!  We are regulars to Grille 31 and Leo's. Should've gone with our instincts and gone there tonight!	 1
PLEASE READ BEFORE GOING TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT!!  The food maybe good at this place but they are unprofessional, childish establishment.JACK.. Who is one of the owners of the restaurant recently vandalized my car, slashed my tire & threatened my boss when I parked along the PUBLIC street outside the front of their restaurant. He has been going around town "bragging" about what he did and a couple of the employees also came forward with the information. The police confirmed that the street & parking spots are owned by the borough & anyone can park there. The parking is limited in this area & is very congested. I parked along the street & paid the parking meter as a worked my shift tonight. After the cook used profanity & threatened my boss (who is hard working man who does a lot for the community) I soon came out after my shift to find only my car vandalized. When confronted, an employee who must have been a manager was very rude about it & said I shoudnt park there. These ppl are bullies & nothing more but a bunch of thugs! Now my brand new car that I worked 3 jobs to pay for is destroyed!!	 1
So Goo's....classic divey western PA bar with good neon sign outside and just what i was hoping for on a cold winter night in the laurel highlands. I had high expectations but they were not met. The staff were super friendly but the food was just plain bad. The pizza was the best option but it didnt blow me away by any stretch and the veal parm we ordered was tasteless and under cooked. Sad to check this one off the list cuz not many of these vanishing old bars left.	 1
Goo's Cellar (lower section) has been my favorite restaurant for many years. I travel the country and this is one of my top 5 favorite places to eat Italian. The sauce is like mom's and their steaks are better than Ruth's Chris, Outback etc. Pizza and hoagies are also great.	 0
Just don't do it. We ordered takeout and should have immediately hung up as soon as they answered the phone. She was completely unintelligible. She took my order seeming annoyed the entire time.  The food was ready when promised, but was so badly packaged that it leaked all over the car on the way home. The home made pasta and meatballs was neither good nor bad and could have used more sauce. The steak tips on the other hand were awful. Ordered medium rare, but cooked to death, they looked and I presume tasted much like dog food. The salads were fine and the garlic bread was more of a toasted butter bread. With so many other dining options around town be sure to give goo's a pass!	 1
My husband and I decided to stop by and give Goo's Corner Cafe a try. A friend had recommended it to us....unfortunately, we shouldn't have listened to him.  The place is so dark and gloomy, and is in serious need of some decorating tips, or at least a fresh coat of paint on the walls. It seriously reminded me of a set for a 70's B movie, it was that bad. The food was mediocre. We both ordered the fish sandwich, meh, nothing special. There were no free refills on drinks, they were served out of cans. My husband detests places that do this, as he usually has 2-3 drinks with his meal. The prices weren't that bad, but not really worth it either. We tried the place, but it's safe to say, we won't be returning.	 1
Home briefly for the holidays, my mom wanted me to treat her dinner.  Her first choice, a very popular restaurant in Mt. Pleasant, was closed for a private event, so we ended up crossing the street and coming here.  This didn't seem like a bad idea at the time since I remember seeing Goo's on the corner ever since I was a kid.  Their longevity should be a testament to their quality food, right?  Boy did we get this one wrong.    Seating is set up in L-shape, so one can choose from booths all along the right wall or head left into an alcove area where there are 3 tables.  We opted for one of the free booths, but the waitress came over with some other patrons and explained that they wanted to move from their booth to the one we chose, but we were welcome to their booth.  We made the change and within a few minutes quickly found out why the other people moved.  Apparently a family was seated behind that booth and their children couldn't restrain from slapping the table, kicking the seats, rocking, yelling out loud, etc.  It was only worse that the parents or other family members actively encouraged this behavior.  So we moved once again to that alcove area which was also an unfortunate choice given how cold it was there.  Being next to the street and the main door, there could not have been any insulation because we noticed the drop in temperature.    Service was very scattered.  While we saw the waitress when we came in, I am not sure if we ever saw her again the rest of the night.  Instead, we had a couple of guys from the bar coming by once in awhile and asking if we needed anything.  They looked clearly put out and yet it did not seem like there were many people here at all.  Very strange.  The food was disastrous.  I mean, I thought I chose the safest item on the menu, the lasagna.  My mom opted instead for the wine marinated steak tips.  These are fairly quick orders to prepare, but we ended up waiting more than a half hour to receive them.  Inexplicably slow service.  My lasagna was the worst I have ever had in my life, and it is so remarkable because all of the different mistakes they made in preparing it.  If you tried to make a bad lasagna, it would not have been as bad this one was.  It was served as a large narrow rectangle that was less one inch thick.  The photo is attached; have you ever seen a lasagna this thin?  It was a single layer.  It was noticeably burnt on the edges.  The texture of the pasta noodle varied considerably over its length.  Near the edges it was sometimes rubbery, sometimes crispy, and inwards it was sometimes chewy and otherwise unremarkable.  I am puzzled at how they created so many textures in one sample.  The ricotta was a tough monolithic curd of cheese.  The marinara sauce was only added after the lasagna was reheated and was not part of the original dish.  The sauce itself was heavily flavored with inexpensive Parmesan cheese.  Not enjoyable at all, and every mistake that could be made was made in preparing this dish.  Awful.  The marinated steak tips were considerably better by comparison (I sampled these), but even then, they were just passable.  The meat was noticeably chewy (overcooked and under-marinated).  The saving grace was that the drinks were cheap.  Like two glasses of wine and a bottle of beer for $9 cheap.    The ambience was nonexistent.  I mean even discounting for the random loud family, there was nothing interesting about this place.  No background music at all, so the restaurant was much louder than it needed to be.  The walls were sparsely adorned with advertisements for American beers and nothing else.  There was really nothing to fixate the eyes upon.    A dreadful choice.  Next time I am going to choose the restaurant.  My mom might not like "fancy" places, but at least the food is always edible.    Oh, one final warning, this place is CASH ONLY.  Seriously avoid.	 1
Always a good choice for Steak or any Italian dish, especially Lasagna. I travel all over and eat in many different types of restaurants. One thing is for certain; it is great to get away from any sort of chain restaurant and eat a freshly made entree. Goo's is a top notch authentic Italian restaurant!!!	 0
Shades was my most infamous review.  It is the only restaurant I reviewed where the owner prayed for my soul on judgment day!! (no joke).  My review set off a debate from coast to coast.  People from Seattle and New York alike weighed in with their thoughts on Shades and their dubious owners.  The string of fake reviews by the owners and their friends were a source of so many laughs -- who can forget the request for a sandwich with "white toes"?  (Apparently the owners of Shades were offering free sandwiches to customers who would write favorable reviews of the restaurant and toes was a misspelling of toast I can only presume).  With all of the backlash I received for my initial review, the clear assumption was that I was wrong in my diagnosis.  I didn't know anything about food.  The food was amazing, and I simply failed to recognize this.  Well, what do you know?  This restaurant is now out of business -- only a few months after my initial review.  My review almost certainly has nothing to do with their ultimate demise, but it is surely symptomatic.  Instead of fighting me so hard, and proving me "wrong", a much better approach would have been to address my concerns and strive to offer better food.  But hubris, pride, being stubborn, fell in the way of all this.  Too bad.  I never had ill will against Shades, but I was certainly taken aback by their very strong reaction to my review.  So it goes.  Rest in peace Shades.	 1
Where do I begin.... Oh yes the buffet table!!! This place is an embarrassment ! I am so glad I didn't take any family here for breakfast!!! I could have gotten better quality food in a soup line!!! The place was empty! That was my first sign and when I went up to the buffet table some of the trays were overcooked and crusty, people were scraping the pans because the pans had scraps of food , it's as if they were afraid to replenish the trays with fresh food. The variety was minimal and did I mention that the food looked as if it had been sitting there for hours! No steam was coming off the buffet table!!!! And the salad bar was minimal and cheap as well !!!! I cannot believe how horrible it was please don't go here!!! I couldn't even give this place one star it's not worth it!! But just to post this I had to give it one star... It doesn't deserve a star	 1
I can not be leave that there was a bug squished in my Napkin I brought it to the managers attention she just squish the napkin up and said she was sorry and act like she did not really care I have been going there for years and I have never seen anything like that	 1
The place was pretty empty, probably not a good sign, but yet we were put at a booth between the only two other groups there.    So you order from the menu and get your entrée and a side, and then get to eat all you want from the salad/dessert bar.  They advertised a two for $15 special, but had only limited choices from there.  We wound up going with bourbon chicken and a baked potato, and fish and chips.  The bourbon chicken was fairly tasteless, pretty light on the sauce.  The fish wound up being terrible, was still cold in the middle.  They took that off our bill.  The salad bar has a decent selection of toppings for your lettuce, and then baked and mashed potatoes with some mystery gravies and fake cheese sauce, trays of beans and corn, and some terrible looking chili you can put on nachos.    There is a dessert area as well, with apple pie and bread pudding that looked to be sitting out forever, some cakes and puddings, cookies, and vanilla ice cream.  Even the ice cream cones were stale.     I realize this is cheap old people food, but even cheap old people food can be done a lot better than this.  Just a very weak effort all around.  Maybe breakfast is better, but I won't be coming back to find out.    It was nice of the manager to take the one entrée off of our bill, at least.  Our waiter and the manager were at least friendly, and the place was clean enough, but the food was just awful.	 1
4 of us at a small booth and 1 child  sitting in a broken high chair. First high chair was broken too. The waitress never came by to pick up the used dishes. Never came by to refill drinks. Food was cold and over salted.  43.00 wasted	 1
As always great food. Been coming here for over 20 years and it's still wonderful. Buffet items all fresh. Can't believe how good the Mac & Cheese is.	 0
The breakfast buffet was horrible! The wait staff allowed us to sit down to the buffet but the only 15 minutes left without allowing us to know there was little to no time to eat and enjoy the buffet. And thank goodness we were on a time limit because the food was awful, the ham was as hard as a rock, the bacon was soggy and raw, the sausages was an undescribable mystery meat, the grits were watery, and they had little to no selections. Even for only $5.99 don't waste your money	 1
Wow! Great food, excellent prices, and fabulous service! My family's experience the last few visits was nothing short of superb!	 0
Everything here is so freaking good! I grew up in this area before coming to PA as a teenager, and we used to come here all the time. I was back in Fredericksburg for a funeral, and on our way back to PA, my parents and I stopped in for old time's sake. Today, ironically, was their grand reopening after remodeling. It looks SO different, but shoot me 'cause I still love it. The place was beautiful inside for one. Secondly, the food was awesome, as awesome as I recalled it. Here's how it works, you order your proteins and potatoes off the menu, and the sides, salads, and desserts are buffet-style all you can eat. I heart their fried fish, but damn, I went bonkers for their potato salad, apple cobbler, and too many other things to mention. It's very cheap too. Recommended.	 0
A regrettable dining choice.  This is apparently a buffet-style/hybrid restaurant specializing in American food that brags about having the best breakfast around.  But as my luck would have it, I actually went there for dinner.  Here are some telling observations that I feel best summarizes the experience:  -  Seated at the booth, I could distinctly feel the springs pressing into my buttocks.  -  When walking to the salad/vegetable/dessert bar, I could feel my feet sticking to the floor and heard the squeaks confirming the traction.    -  There were mystery items available which would have been best remaining mysteries.  -  The salmon I ordered was very small, very dry, quite old, and absolutely the wrong color.  -  The pudding at the dessert bar had a weird taste that I absolutely could not identify.  Something from high school chem lab, perhaps.    -  Prices were amazingly low for entrees.  -  Service was friendly, and I was asked how I liked everything.  But I had no idea where to begin, so I just shrugged my shoulders.   If you want to save money, prefer food in great quantity, and are not a fan of flavor or quality when it comes to food, this place is for you.  Everyone else should take heed.	 1
i enjoyed this place more for the endless salad/sides/dessert buffet/bar than for their actual food.    you get the endless salad/sides/dessert with entree purchase.  items in buffet include MYO salad, potato salad, green beans, corn, quiche, potato casserole, corn bread, yeast roll, mac & cheese, mashed potatoes, fresh fruit, pudding, cobblers, strawberry short cake, soft serve, rice pudding, and so much more.    their entree's aren't priced too high, but you don't get much food for the price.  which isn't terrible because people end up filling up on the salad & sides before the food arrives.  flavor wasn't terrible but it wasn't memorable either.  it was just ordinary.  we ordered:   captian morgan's (i think that was the name) shrimp fest.  that came with butterfiled & battered shrimp.  got onion rings (29 cents extra) with it.   ham steak entree with fries.   chicken fried steak with onion rings -- thick piece of meat, smothered/soaked/drenched with gravy. kids chicken tenders with honey mustard and fries.  very nice interior, lots of seating, though when we left there was a HUGE line to be seated.  bathrooms are nice.  lots of friendly staff -- servers, bus boys, hostess.  lots of parking.  this place is decent, good to try out, but it's not on my personal list of places i'd return to when i want to pick a place to eat a meal.	 1
On travel and was intrigued by the sample menu for this chain restaurant.  I liked the idea of burritos inspired by foreign cuisine.  I had the Thai burrito with "prawns" for lunch.  It quickly fell apart and needed to be eaten with a fork.  The prawns were actually 5 medium shrimp, and the combination of ingredients and taste were faintly Thai.  This was the furthest thing from "Pam's Real Thai" in New York.  I should have known to stay away from a restaurant that uses "gourmet" in its title.  Terrible food.	 1
The food here is disgusting, the staff is rude and incompetent and the store itself has a terrible environment.  The only thing this place has going for it is its location at the park, but even that cannot compensate for its grossly exorbitant prices and awful ingredients.   Usually I love supporting small businesses, but the owner treated his staff and customers so rudely it was unbelievable.   All the ingredients are sub par; cheap deli meats, rotten/dirty lettuce mix, unripe/previously frozen avocado and slimy canned ingredients.   For the same prices you can go across the park to Masterpiece Deli and have a delicious gourmet sandwich with quality ingredients like boars heads meats and truffle oil.   Whatever you do don't waste your money here.	 1
I was walking my dog through Riverfront Park, and I remembered that there was a sandwich shop or something next door to Ink Coffee.  We walked over to Jay's, saw that it was open, and decided to try it for lunch.  I have to say, I'm REALLY glad we did.  I got a spicy turkey wrap (I believe that it was called the "hot park" or "hot turkey" wrap...something along those lines).  It had turkey, fresh baby greens, tomatoes, sliced cheddar, avocados, and a "jalapeno mayo."  You can pick what kind of tortilla you want everything wrapped up in, and there are about 5 difference choices (I went with the whole wheat).  All in all, it was good.  The spice from the jalapeno mayo was the best part, and overall it was a nice lunch.  I would note that it felt a bit on the smaller side for the approximately $8 pricetag, however.  BUT...the wrap was definitely NOT the highlight of our experience.  My dining companion got a habanero turkey panini.  It was HANDS DOWN the best panini either of us had ever tasted.  It was full of turkey, green chiles, jalapeno mayo, habanero spread (or something), tomatoes, baby greens, and cheddar.  The panini bread was also really top notch.  It was the thin-style bread, which, in my opinion, is WAY better than the thicker, doughy panini bread some places use.  The style of bread Jay's uses doesn't envelop the sandwich, and makes the focal point of the meal the ingredients (as opposed to a bunch of puffy bread).  All in all, it was amazing, and it was somehow cheaper than the wrap I ordered.  Therefore, if you decide to go here to eat a bite, the paninis are the best deal for your buck.  One final note.  I almost decided not to write a review of this place at all based on the combative and inappropriate responses the owner has made to some of the other reviews on here.  Everybody is entitled to their opinion, and the point of Yelp is to provide a forum for customers to write their honest opinions about local foods and services in an organic way.  I can understand that it's sometimes hard for business owners to stomach the sometimes-scathing reviews that people write on here.  But, for every bad review, there is a good one.  I was impressed with the food, so I decided to be honest and give credit to this place where credit is due despite the owner's questionable tactics, which will likely discourage people from wanting to try his establishment or even review it (I mean, come on...is it a coincidence that I'm only the fourth person to review this place?)	 0
I saw their awning advertising cookies, ice cream, and shakes and decided to stop in for a shake to beat the heat.  I was able to choose from among all of their regular ice cream selections so I opted for the Rocky Road.  There seemed to be some confusion on the part of the two employees on how to make a milk shake and just how much milk should be added.  The end result was what only could be described as a literal interpretation of a milkshake.  It had the liquid consistency and taste of milk with a hint of some sort of sweet flavor and the occasional ground nut coming through the straw.  Absolutely disgusting -- worst milkshake I ever had in my life!	 1
I came across this little cafe out of pure luck. A friend and I were aimlessly wandering around wanting food. ANY kind of food. I ordered the Hot Gorgonzola Chicken Panini. The pesto sauce and high quality chicken really hit the spot. The sandwich, an Izze soda, and a bag of Boulder chips all cost only $10. Any time I'm near, I will be sure stop by Jay's.	 0
Oh, Wolfgang! I expected so much more than a reheated cheese pizza.   Reheated you say? How can you tell? Because the cheese isn't melty at all and the whole pie looks like a slice I'd get at the end of the lunch rush at any pizza joint. Oh, and it came out in like four minutes.   Not up to your reputation here, Wolfgang. Not. Even. Close. If you'd sold pies like this at Spago you'd have closed in a week...or less	 1
Great bartender who makes an excellent Bloody Mary. Also had the breakfast sandwich. It's big enough for two, so we shared. the sandwich is one of the best I have ever had.    This is a great place to hang out when your flight is delayed or you have extra time on your hands, since the airline lounges here are not very good.   If only Emirates had a lounge here!   Check it out!	 0
I could see so much potential in this place.  I'm guessing sticking with starches and protein dishes would've been better than the chicken meatball pizza I ordered.  Judging from my picture of the pizza I ordered, you would imagine it was made to perfection but nope, think again.  Super soggy center to middle of the slice.  I was so hungry I decided to finish it.  Some slices were more cooked than others but later made me feel sick.  Thanks Wolfgang!  Service was emotionless from the guy who took my pizza order.  At least the cashier made eye contact and bid me a safe trip.  That's where the two stars goes to.  Like I said, nice cozy place to dine in the B terminal at DIA but avoid the pizza.  You'll add extra stars on your review for the ones I took off.	 1
Maybe it's mean to give a one star review to an airport restaurant, or maybe I expect more from a restaurant with a celebrity chef's name on it.    Ordered a salad -- the leaves were brown.  I asked for another one and the staff person refused saying it had been made that day.    Inedible.	 1
This has been my favorite stop at the Denver airport for a quick meal with efficient service and excellent to very good food.    I have been coming here for over 10 years.  In my book they deserve a 4.5 but I rounded it up.  I can't believe the average reviews of 3 stars on Yelp.   In the 30 plus visits here I have never been disappointed.     I normally sit at the bar and order a meal and a drink.   Today I had the fried egg sandwich with ham, cheddar cheese and arugula.   I've had it before and it is always delicious.   My favorite breakfast sandwich.    It comes with fried red potatoes that are really good and not greasy.    My other favorite is the mixed greens salad.   I have had most pizzas (my favorite is pepperoni), chinois chicken salad (yummy) and the spaghetti.   Always great ingredients and tasty.   The bartenders always friendly and efficient.     I have eaten at Wolfgang's restaurants in LA and always his restaurants have delivered great food and service.	 0
So we were out doing a little Christmas shopping and stopped in to grab a delicious fast meal! Well after waiting a few minutes with no one in line to place our order, behold the cashier showed up! Sweet Jesus we are gonna eat! So we order and the Manager brings over our fried, poor guy looked like he hated his life working here. So we go sit down and I noticed our fries didn't look to fresh. I tasted one and they tasted like they have been sitting in the warmer for an hour. So I took them back to the manager and asked for hot fresh fries and he gave me a look and said angrily it will be 3 minutes. I said that was fine and went back to eat my crusty old dry chicken sandwich and trying to keep my temper down because I wanted to punch him. So he calls out fries are ready and slammed them on the counter. My wife grabbed them. They were average. The place is like a black hole no one looks like they enjoy working there. If you're expecting to make $15 bucks an hour slapping some old stale chicken and burgers together at least throw in a smile! It's not meant to make a career out of it. Go to Chic Fil A right beside them if you want good food and great service. This was the last visit to this depressing establishment I will ever make!	 1
For the location to be in such a popular spot I would expect better serviced. I was rushed through a line to receive bad food. I had the burger with ketchup which I would not feed to my dog. They got my daughter's good wrong and she didn't like it cause almost all the good was still left in the bag. All around bad experience.	 1
Everyone knows this establishment, so this review is strictly for their latest product:  Sweet and Spicy Asian Boneless Chicken Wings.  Their bold advertising of Asian flavors had me nonplussed.  After all, Asia is a large continent with many different types of cuisine and flavors.  Would these wings taste like rogan josh?  like miso?  like bibambap?  Being an American chain of course, I was sure to be disappointed.  I just wasn't sure by how much.  Apparently Asian flavors amounted to taking already prepared chicken wings, running them through a simple syrup with flavorless red chilies, and shaking the container so that the chicken is evenly coated.  Because the coating was even, they sucked uniformly.  The final blow: it was served with a fork.  Good god, what was I thinking?  This should cover my fast food fix for another year or so...	 1
I have come to this Wendy's on several ocassions.  It drives me nuts that I order your chilli and yet it is half or 3/4 full.  Why can't you fill the cup -- this just drives me nuts that you keep ripping off customers.  If you are worried that I will burn myself, I am a big girl I will gladly sign a waiver -- just fill my chilli cup and quit tryiing the be chintzy!	 1
The worse food ever.  Last time we stopped here the food order was not correct.  I got someone's diet coke and the French fries were limp.  Tonight we ran through the drive thru to get a late meal.  We ordered two of the new pretzel sandwich meals.  We received the wrong burger, no pretzel bread.  The meat tasted old, lettuce was limp, and the fries were limp and seemed to have been fried in old grease.  I had forgotten about the last time we stopped there, which was during lunch almost 6 months ago until my son reminded me the last time the food was bad.  This is certainly my last time at this Wendy's.	 1
I adore this place. It's interior decor, its awesome food its location, and its wait staff all add to the charm.   I've been here twice - once for brunch and once for lunch. I definitely enjoyed brunch here more.   For brunch, my friend and I ordered the Acme Walnut French test and the farm egg brunch pizza. The French toast was thick and hearty and just the right amount of sweetness! I enjoyed this more than the farm egg pizza. The pizza was tasty but I just wasn't feeling pizza for brunch. They were very generous with the bacon.   For lunch, my friend and I ordered the Kale Salad and the Mushroom Pizza. The mushroom pizza was SO yummy - it had squash and capers which added delicious complimentary flavors to the earthy taste of mushrooms. The Kale Salad was delicious and had toasted (I think) capers which were probably the highlight of the entire dish for me. The Kale was tender and minimally bitter - awesome!   Overall a great, classy place for brunch/lunch. I would highly recommend trying to come here for brunch (only on the weekends) but lunch is great too!	 0
This place lives up to the hype! I thoroughly enjoyed our meal at Gather. From the moment that we walked in to the to moment we walked out the door everything was flawless.   Greeted by a friendly hostess and promptly seated. We were then introduced to our server Fernando. Without exaggeration Fernando may be one of the best servers in the Bay Area. He was attentive but not intrusive, very friendly, and always had a smile on his face.   My wife and I both started with a couple of drinks and then ordered our entrees. I chose the Five Dot Ranch Burger and she chose the Acme Walnut French Toast. The food was served within 10 minutes after we ordered. Everything came out perfectly. The burger came with fries and mixed green salad. It was cooked to a perfect medium and was very delicious. The French toast was very tasty as well with walnuts and a reduction of cherries, currant, and white raisins.   The total bill came to $41.00 and we were very pleased with the experience. I will definitely be spreading the word to all of my friends and will bring clients for meals.	 0
Steve came home all excited the other night & told me we were having dinner at Gather on Friday night. I didn't want to quash his joy but I could still remember my first visit to the restaurant several years earlier. What I remember most is that the vegan options were minimal and the food just okay. I resisted & suggested an all vegan restaurant instead. Well, the all veg place happened to be booked up for the evening so low & behold we ended up at Gather anyway! Gather was busy but were happy to fit us in. They were celebrating Berkeley Restaurant week with prix fixe menu of $35 per person that offered a vegan starter, entree & dessert. I'm addicted to fruit shrubs - this is an amazing mixture of apple cider vinegar, fruit & sugar. So I started my meal with their blood orange shrub mixed with organic,  locally made vodka. Yum! Next a plate of beautiful, crispy roasted brussel sprouts with cashew purée, kumquats & radishes. This was the best b. sprout dish I've ever eaten. I ate every bite of it. And as a vegan, I've eaten plenty of the sprouts! Next the chickpea panisse entree was served. The combination of artichoke, capers & sweet currants combined with the fried blocks of hummus were a blissful combination. And last Sara served us chocolate tahini & salted caramel nice cream. Unbelievable! The chocolate tahini was my favorite! I'm so glad I had the opportunity to revisit Gather. Our server Sara along with the rest of the staff were lovely and the food was amazing!	 0
Gather is a fantastic restaurant located right outside the campus of UC Berkeley with great ingredients, great food, and great flavor! I came here for brunch on a Sunday with a group of four and a reservation, so we were seated right away. The menu here changes often, but consists of plates with creative takes on brunch/new-American dishes, along with freshly baked pizzas. The service here was very attentive, and our food came out very quickly after we ordered, which was definitely a plus!  To share, we started off with the kale salad, which (surprisingly to me) consisted of cooked and slightly chilled kale, pumpkin seed, and grated cheese. While I wasn't super impressed by this dish, I definitely found it very well done and tasty. We also had the maitake mushroom pizza with thin slices of winter squash--this may have been one of the best pizzas I've had in a while--the crust was perfectly crispy and thin, and the toppings played together perfectly. The cheese was definitely not overpowering, and the whole pie came out hot and fresh from the oven!  We also had the poached eggs with pork shoulder ragout and white grits--this was a very solid and tasty dish--cutting into the poached eggs released all of the yolky goodness all over the grits and the pork shoulder, turning everything into a sauce that was fantastic for dipping bread into. Finally, we had the amber wheat pancakes with poached Starkrimson pears and housemade ricotta. These were some of the best pancakes I've had, as the outside of the pancakes were lightly crispy, but the insides were perfectly soft and pillowy. The pears were fantastic as well, and the ricotta surprisingly tasted and felt more like whipped cream, which enveloped the pancakes perfectly for delicious bites!  Overall, this was a fantastic experience, and one of the best brunches I've had in the Bay Area. The value for this quality of food was also great, and I would highly recommend this restaurant if you're looking for a taste of California cooking in Berkeley!	 0
Okay, i really really REALLY wanted to like this place. Had a booozy girls night in about 12 hours prior and wanted a nice brunchy mimosa-y spot in the afternoon. The decor is so charming and cute, with wood furniture and open glass windows all around, letting in the sunlight.  Surprisingly, we got seated very quickly. I had read that we might have needed reservations, or usually it is a long wait. Anyways, of course we wanted mimosas right away (too bad the waiter forgot until we reminded him 15 minutes later). After looking over the menu, we decided to get the Corn Scramble, Poached Eggs, and Country breakfast.   -Corn Scramble: It comes with country potatoes, bacon, tomato jam on toast. The scramble was abundant in corn, but lacked MAJORLY in taste and spices.. It's like they forgot to add salt or pepper or anything really to season the eggs. The potatoes were okay, they also needed seasoning. The tomato jam on toast was the best part! the jam was sweet and complimented the crunchy saltiness of the toast. Bacon was crispy as well -Poached Eggs: Came with pulled pork shoulder, diced veggies, polenta and salsa. The poached egg was not seasoned as well. The pulled pork was very tender but did not have much flavor. The polenta was a nice touch for a more filling meal  -Country Breakfast: I did not have the chance to try this one, but my friend needed more sauce and flavoring for her food.  We also asked our waiter if they had any hot sauce, extra salsa or sour cream on the side. They did not. We finally able to score a small bowl of tangy barbeque sauce and another small bowl of some kind of chili oil that barely had any spiciness or taste to it. We slathered it on our food. They did have pepper and finally, some ketchup, which didnt do too much.   I wish I liked this place, i heard some great review about this place ): I think you definitely come here for the atmosphere, the decor, people. The food is ridiculously bland for the price you pay. The menu makes it sounds so damn delicious! And you'd think after sloshing down mimosas, the food would taste better?? Nahh...   Brownie points for its abundant gluten free and vegan options though.	 1
This place was horrible. We came in around 1230 on a Saturday for brunch. To our surprise, there were many empty tables but there was bunch of people waiting outside. After around 10 minutes, we were seated. The waiter took forever to grab our order, did not check in on us throughout the meal, and never refilled our glass of water. Overall, BAD.   For my meal, I had a fried egg sandwich. It costed 12$ and SO overpriced. It's the same breakfast sandwich as what I could get from any deli. The egg was under salted too.   I've heard such great things about this spot from friends over the year, so coming here and experiencing this was an extreme disappointment.	 1
I highly recommend coming here for brunch if you really enjoy waiting an unreasonable amount of time for someone to take your order and to cook your sub par meal that you will finish in 10 minutes because the portions are small. If you also enjoy under seasoned eggs then this is a must!  Overall, this place really needs to work on its operational logistics and service. There was a deceiving line outside the resturaunt but the minute I walked inside there were so many empty tables, so what was the line/wait for?  The service was also very bad, It took awhile for our waiter to take our orders, and he never came back to refill water, or ask how our meal was.  At first I thought this place may have been understaffed, but there were constantly people running around (what they were doing, I'm not sure...)  To top off my experience, the food wasn't even good, and it was definitely overpriced for what it was.  We ordered the pancakes, the egg sandwich and the eggs benedict.  The pancakes were very mealy, the egg sandwich was basic, unoriginal, and small, and the eggs benedict were somewhat standard but seriously lacking seasoning (nor did they give you an option to season it with salt/pepper.)  Aside from the nice decor, I will never be coming back here.	 1
First the good; flavors were very good, wine was excellent (marked up 300%) Service was good. Now the rest. Had the Delicata Squash, Small Plate. Tiny plate is a better description. Had the Stuffed Cabbage as the "Main" course I didn't know cabbage grew that small. Again flavors good, and it would have made a decent Tapa, but $24.50?   Dropped $150 on K's birthday, left hungry, then went home and made dinner. No reason for us to go back.	 1
Love this place, but it's not cheap. Fortunately, it's usually not too crowded. Good for us! We found street parking nearby, but it wasn't that easy. DH and his family came with me for a nice brunch. We ate family style, which is perfect.  The Kale Salad was much better than expected. Kale is lightly cooked and tossed in a tangy dressing. It came with a huge pile of shredded Fiscalini cheese (I thought it was Parm-Reg, but it's not!), roasted carrots, pumpkin seeds. It was hearty and made us feel (mostly) healthy while eating it.  The poached egg ($18) with pork shoulder, white grits, was really good as well. Eggs were cooked perfectly. Sauce was delicious. Portion size seemed a bit small.  I loved the vegan spicy tomato pizza ($21). Crust was a bit too hard, but the toppings were so delicious and harmonized perfectly with each other. We had the spicy oil on the side, because DH's mom can't eat spicy. I totally did not mind not eating meat here!  The scramble ($14) with greens (looked like pea shoots) was fine. The potatoes were tasty, but a bit dry. Bread was okay, but not the best. The description said it had shiitake mushrooms in it, but we don't remember that.  We had a little bit of stuff to take home and some extra bread. Their olive oil is heavenly. Service was excellent. Our waiter really tried to accommodate us. Decor is really beautiful too. Excellent spot for lunch if you don't mind spending a few more $.	 0
The chickpea pinnesse is the way to go. So good I'm pretty sure I don't know how to spell it. I'm a picky meat eater, and that vegetarian meal was amazing! Great sauce and very unique texture of crispy on the outside and soft and spongy in the inside. Very glad I gave this spot a try. Bartender was amazingly nice as well.	 0
I'm impressed with the Indian fusion and the combination of Indian with American decor that Tigerlily has to offer!  It's fusion done right and the dishes are full of new and exciting ingredients that compliments well with each other. The ingredients meshes together and the unique dishes are brought forth.  For the tikka masala fried chicken, the soul style of  mustard greens and mashed potatoes, is to delve into, surely!  The batter of the fried chicken, was crisp and flavorful and top it off with drizzling tikka masala curry, it makes for a homely, but a twist to a fried chicken entree!   The squid ink naan is anther atypical dish that I have not encountered before.  The squid ink provides the umami taste in the naan and the naan is topped with beer braised pork with a thin slice of apple and mint leaf.  Squeeze some lemon juice from the lemon wedge provided, then this naan will tingle all the taste buds.  The hummus and baba ganoush was colorful to the eye. Naan was made of red beets and the hummus was a bit spicy.  Baba ganoush counter-blended with the hummus taste.   There are other entrees that I was eyeing, like the North Indian Style Meatballs and Tandoori Lambchops.    All of their dishes are rich with spices and made of whole ingredients.  Tableware is vibrant.  They have cozy tables and crafted cocktail drinks to go along with for the entirety of dining.  I adored, Tigerlily - will definitely return and recommend!	 0
What a delicious brunch place in North Berkeley. I wish I came here more as an undergrad since it's another brunch gem like La Note downtown. It's location is prime right across from Cheeseboard, Philz, Masses, etc.   We usually come right when it opens since there's no wait. They have a nice modern decor inside with a few tables outside in the front. When you go farther in the back they have a shared outside area with the surrounding restaurants and you can actually take your drinks out there to wait if there's a line. They unfortunately don't do food service out there but it's a hidden spot to chill. I love how their water comes in cool bottles too.   What i've tried:   - Fried Chicken Tikka Masala & Waffles - YUMMM. At first I was a bit skeptical since it was a different twist on a classic but it worked so well! The chicken is so crispy and they pair it with their tikka masala sauce/syrup. The waffle is delicious as well. Crispy on the outside but still maintains a chewy texture.   - Pork Belly Benedict - My favorite dish i've tried! Nice crispy muffin and the pork belly just melts in your mouth. The eggs are nicely poached and tied well with the sauce. Their house fries are equally as tasty! Nice and roasted and perfectly salted.   - Pulled Pork Benedict - After trying the pork belly benedict I thought I would be a fan of this as well. While it was good, I thought the pork was a little bland could have used more seasoning.   - Shrimp/Polenta - Can't go wrong with polenta. They give you around 4 huge pieces of shrimp on a bed of creamy polenta with melted goat cheese. Great change when you're feeling something of a different texture.   *Their menu does change (not sure how often though) since some items I saw on other visits aren't always there during another one.	 0
Came here for drinks with friends on a Saturday night and it was incredible! Awesome environment, very unique drinks, everything we wanted. Heads up, if you want a table they fill up fast so make reservations if you want food. One of the drinks included fire - it both tasted and smelled delicious	 0
Places like Tigerlily make me realize that I don't visit Berkeley often enough. And I have friends that live here, so there's no excuse! My good friend recently moved back to Berkeley from the East Coast and chose Tigerlily as our site for dinner and catch-up session. I love the concept of this place, fusing Indian and American food styles together. Our waiter was great, giving me suggestions and ensuring we were taken care of throughout the evening. We sat inside, near the outdoor patio. I love the different types of seating here. There's cozy booth seating in the back, barstool seating at group tables, and of course seats at the bar.  We launched into our meal with the cilantro garlic naan, which came with three different sauces... tikka masala, cilantro chutney, and cucumber yogurt. So good! Perfectly soft and crispy at the same time. Freshly made and flavorful. For my entrée, I decided on the Tuna Tartare, which had avocado, scallion, sesame, and soy-mirin dressing atop little gems of lettuce. By the end of my meal, I was satisfied but not stuffed. I felt pretty good, actually! Nothing delicious food and warm company can't achieve.  I would definitely want to come back and try more menu items. They all seem so fascinating, and I love that they're vegan and vegetarian friendly.	 0
I love Indian food. I love American food. Indian and American food together? Count me in!  Tigerlily Berkeley is a beautiful restaurant that successfully marries Indian style dishes with a cool American flair. You want the familiar spices from Indian cuisine? You got it. You want the heartiness of an American meal? You got that too. It's just all around good.  The restaurant itself is stunning with its handmade ceramic dishware, intricately designed tapestries hanging from the ceiling, warm lighting, and colorful booths. While it may be a bit small in terms of size, Tigerlily makes great use of its space without grouping too many tables together in an uncomfortable proximity. The menu, albeit not too large, was exceptionally detailed with clear descriptions of each dish underneath.  Since I was out with my sister and brother-in-law, we all decided to share our dishes and ordered the following: clay oven naan with squid ink, tuna tartare, 63° egg and Dhal kofta, North Indian style meatballs, and their famous tikka masala fried chicken. The first two dishes were served as appetizers and the last three dishes were main entrees that were prepared in threes so we were able to split it evenly.  The minute I tried both appetizers, I knew this place was going to be a five-star spot. The squid ink naan, although fluffy like a pita bread than crispy naan, was warm and soft, and when dipped in the variety of sauces provided, was absolutely addictive. The three sauces were cucumber yogurt (creamy and almost ranch-like without being too heavy), cilantro chutney (fresh and light), and tikka masala (vibrant, spicy, and my favorite!). The tuna tartar was conveniently plated in tiny lettuce cups that made for easy eating and served with crispy papadum (Indian style chips). The tuna was dressed in a light soy sauce that didn't take away from the fresh tuna and with little pieces of avocado thrown in. SO GOOD.  Finally, in came our entrees, all of which were piping hot and plated with obvious care. The stand-out dish had to be the fried chicken with the tikka masala sauce. Is it possible to buy tikka masala by the gallon? Because I would devour that with EVERYTHING. The sauce is spicy and creamy, vibrant and fragrant, delicious and downright mouthwatering. The chicken itself had a crispy skin with white, juicy meat on the inside, and when paired with tikka masala, I almost regretted having to share it. The Dhal kofta was a bit salty for my taste, but I loved the bed of crispy kale underneath and the creamy, poached egg mixed in. My sister wasn't a fan of the gamey, lamb meatballs, but I personally liked the texture of it. It also came with a side of garlic naan that paired well with the tomato base.  We were all quite full after cleaning up every single dish, but not to the point where we felt like we couldn't move. The portion size was perfect and the prices were extremely reasonable when considering how well-developed the flavors were.   Tigerlily absolutely exceeded my expectations and I can't wait to come back for more (especially for more tikka masala fried chicken!).	 0
I was out searching for the perfect Instagram photo and I knew this would be the perfect place to get it. Tigerlily Berkeley. is a trendy place located in the gourmet ghetto. They serve Indian-American fusion (with emphasis on the American). They mainly serve dinner but during the weekends they are open for brunch. You have the option to make a reservation online but at least for a very late Sunday brunch, this wasn't necessary. Parking in the gourmet ghetto is always a pain but on Sundays it's definitely more plentiful. Service is very attentive and was pretty nice. And I usually don't mention this but their tableware is so nice and I had to mention it.  The brunch menu is definitely more limited (even more limited than their online menu) and between me and two friends, we ordered almost half the menu. We ended up getting the Paneer Pizza, the tikka masala chicken and waffles, the smoked salmon platter, and the tandoori shrimp and grits.  Paneer Pizza: A pretty simple pizza but delicious "pizza". Normally I wouldn't get it since Cheeseboard is right across the street but since they're closed on Sunday I had to try it. The garlic isn't too astringent and the paneer mozzarella balance was perfect. The crust is almost like naan. It's not too exciting of a pizza but it's a pretty good item to share. (3.5/5)  Tandoori Shrimp and Grits: So so good. It's not all that "fusiony" versus it was a different way to cook the shrimp and it gave it that nice charred taste. The grits were creamy, oily, cheesy goodness. The aged cheddar was especially good with the roasted pepper salsa. Only downside was that the shrimp was a bit oversalted especially since the grits were so flavor packed. (4.5/5)  Smoked Salmon Platter: My friend LOVED his plate. He said it had a great balance of textures and flavors. I got to try a piece of the salmon and it wasn't as smoky and overly salty as some places (which I personally preferred).   Tikka masala chicken and waffles: Didn't get to try all of it but according to my friend: the chicken was moist and the waffle was delicious. The curry and syrup also went very well together. I did try a bit of the syrup and I don't know why but it's so good. Sweet but not too heavy.  Overall, a wonderful addition to the gourmet ghetto. I can't wait to come back for dinner.	 0
Do yourself a favor and order the FRIED chicken tikka masala with a prelude of ink naan. What a delicious meal!  If there's space, take your order to the back (zen) patio . If not the decor inside is just as enchanting. The place is both clean and creatively presented. I will certainly be going back	 0
I already gave Tigerlily a five-star review for their dinner menu, but I have to give 5 stars for brunch!   You must order the tika masala chicken and waffles! Oh so crispy chicken and two Belgian waffles with finely graded cheese that instantly melts in your mouth, paired with tika masala sauce and maple syrup on the sides. Yum yum!   At brunch, my boyfriend and I also shared the pork eggs Benedict, which was also amazing--a melody of flavors dancing on your palette. More hearty than your typical eggs benny!   Lastly, he had the pineapple Bloody Mary and I had a Harvest Mimosa. You bet we finished our drinks to the last drop. We're both cocktail snobs and these were the perfect brunch cocktails.   Tigerlily can be expensive if you are eating by yourself, so I recommend sharing food with friends. Portions are not large but reasonably sized; no teeny tiny portions here.   Lastly, decor and ambiance is on point! A touch of industrial and South Asian vibe, but overall quite elegant.   Overall, this is a must try at least once! If you're a curious foodie with a taste for unique and interesting, go to Tigerlily.	 0
Perfect for brunch and study for Sunday! The environment is relax and the tea is good. You can enjoy yourself here. I bought the tea online since the Jasmine Tea is very flowery and refresh.	 0
Had my birthday brunch there on Sunday and I am happy to report that it's a delicious as ever!   We had: Hush Puppies Spicy short ribs Voo doo shrimp  Red beans and rice  Beignets  It was PERFECT!! Our server was gracious and efficient and the timing was perfect.  This was our first visit during the daytime so I made a reservation (they are always busy at night) but we clearly didn't need one on Sunday at 11:30am.   So good! I can't wait to go back!!	 0
I liked their food, but I found a long and thin, brown hair in my green salad. I told a waiter and he asked me if I wanted another salad. I asked him to bring sweet potato instead. I don't think the waiter even bothered reporting this to the manager. After all, I was not given any compliments and was charged regular price.   I understand that people make mistakes but it bothered me that the waiter acted as if nothing bad happened. Plus, this is not a cheap restaurant. Food itself was OK but what I remember clearly about this place is the gross hair that stuck with my folk, which really ruined a dinner with my family.      I will never go back there.	 1
If you like poor service then you'll like Angeline's Louisiana Kitchen. I went to Angeline's over the weekend with a small group of friends. By the time we got there, there was a 45 minute wait. My friends and I put our name in and went to grab a drink at the bar next door while we waited for Angeline's to text us that our table was ready. Once we were texted, I went over to get seated while my friends closed their bar tabs. When I arrived to be seated the person manning check-in informed me that "incomplete parties" could not be seated. I insisted on being seated. At this point the person at check-in said "Sir, there's no reason to raise your voice." Though my tone was dissatisfied I did not raise my voice. So not only I was not being seated, I was being chastised for expressing my dissatisfaction with their dismissive style of customer service. During this exchange a manager came over. She aggressively reiterated the policy that incomplete parties could not be seated, saying that it was more fair to customers this way and that if I lost our table we would be on the list to receive the next one. Luckily, the rest of my party showed up right as the manager was chastising me. She rudely seated us, making for an awful start to dinner.   The food itself was good. That said, I've had as good or better creole at other, more friendly establishments in Berkeley than Angeline's.  Finally, as we were trying to pay, we asked the server to split the bill evenly 4 ways. The server said it wasn't their policy to split the bill that many ways, that they could only split it 3 ways. Fortunately, he ended up splitting the bill 4 ways when we insisted.  I am giving Angeline's two stars because the experience was abysmal. The staff could use a refresher on customer service.	 1
Came here with a buddy one night and it felt way too romantic for two dudes to share a candle light dinner but WHATEVER. This place is incredible. Came here for fried chicken originally and ended up getting a bunch of other dishes thanks for the people ordering around us.   Starters: hush puppies are these donut like fried balls of gold. It's paired with this honey butter which was amazing. This is for sure something you need to order. I felt like this would have been a great dessert because of the sweet butter but it still makes a good appetizers. Also, got the fried cheese... YES.. FRIED FUCKING CHEESE grits with crawfish and LOVED it. You can't hate on anything that has fried cheese in the name. The fried grits had just the right amount of crisp to it and they were quite generous with the crawfish.   Entrees: The Jambalaya is sooo good. Tip: mix it with the meat at the bottom of the bowl because you would just end up eating dry ass rice if you didn't stir it around. Still delicious even before discovering that you had to mix it. The rice tasted like hash--pre-mixing. Finally, we had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken. This is probably the most moistest fried breast meat I have ever had in my life and coating with the cream gravy just made me float to heaven.   Couldn't have asked for a better food experience and I will definitely be coming back when I have those fried food cravings.	 0
Food: 5/5    price: 4/5     Service: 5/5   Ambience: 5/5  A great unique Cajun restaurant serving Southern food. The restaurant is super comfortable, and the service was great and welcoming. This is my first time trying Louisianan food, so I don't know how authentic it is, but I loved every bit of it! The portions were hige, and all of the dishes were super flavorful and delicious.   The highlight was definitely the Fried Chicken Po'Boy - the fried chicken was huge, crispy, and paired with shredded lettuce for a hint of freshness in the sandwich. Drizzle it with hot sauce, it's amazing!! Oyster Po'Boy was lacking a bit of flavor and there weren't that many oysters. Gumbo was kind of like a stew, and Jambalaya was like risotto. Both had a sausage flavor to it, and both tasted great. The dessert - beignets - were crispy fluffy pillows of fried dough, sprinkled with powdered sugar. It was delicious, and paired super well with a cup of coffee.  Next time I want to try their Voo Doo Shrimp / shrimp creole and Hush Puppies!    Favorites: * Fried Chicken Po'Boy ($14.99)  * cup of gumbo ($2.99) - sandwich side * Jambalaya ($15.99) - w/sauce piquant, roasted chicken, tasso ham & andouille sausage * beignets ($5.99)  Others: * Angeline's Gumbo - bowl ($15.99) - okra, andouille, tasso ham, & shrimp * Oyster Po'Boy ($15.99) * red beans & rice ($2.99) - sandwich side	 0
Our party of four came here after a movie on a Saturday evening. We had no wait time, and we were seated immediately.   My boyfriend and I had eaten lunch before the movie, so we weren't that hungry, but we couldn't pass up the delicious sounding sides/appetizers. I had the hush puppies, while my boyfriend went with the grits.  The hush puppies appetizer is served with a side of whipped butter spread. The dish was very delicious. There was plenty for me to eat and to share. I also sampled some of my boyfriend's grits, which were very tasty, but I definitely ordered the right thing.  Because there's no way I could pass up beignets, we ended up ordering dessert. I'm glad we did because the beignets were awesome!  Overall, the food here is amazing! Service was friendly and prices are affordable. I don't know if I'd come back to Berkeley just for this restaurant, but I'd be happy to drop by if I'm in the area again.	 0
Highly recommend Angeline's.  I was really pleased with all our order but was surprised how delicious and flavorful the voodoo shrimp and fried grits and crawfish etouffe was.  The BBQ ribs was tender, fall off the bones sweet, and jambalaya was perfect mix of hot and spicy.  The piece the resistance was the fluffy, pillowy, goodness  fresh powder sugar beignets.   The staff was attentive and it wasn't to crowded Saturday at lunch time.  Although, I did make a reservation you can probably get seated within 15min after checking in. Our family will be back.	 0
I think it's hard to determine whether a dish is "the best you've EVER had". But if you keep thinking about it long after you finished the meal, then it probably was something special! I came here with friends for lunch and I had the jambalaya and it was AMAZING and definitely probably the best I've ever had. I've had jambalaya that's a little too soupy for me, but Angeline's makes the sauce real thick and it's just delicious. A little spicy, shredded chicken(?) pieces in with the rice, and delicious Andouille sausage warmed my cold winter heart lol. Even better - the portion was pretty big so I had enough for a second meal back at home!  My friends and I decided to share a dessert. They all sounded pretty good but we decided on the Chocolate Cayenne Cake. The cake is super dense and the cayenne spice comes out after a little while. Paired with the cake is a HEAP of bourbon-vanilla whipped cream that's real fluffy and light. I love bourbon-vanilla anything so I thought the cream was delicious and it worked really well with the chocolate cake.  THIS PLACE IS FANTASTIC. There was a bit of a wait when we went during a weekend lunch, but nothing too bad and the service was good. This might be a little out of a college student's budget but I believe it's definitely worth visiting at least once for a special meal!	 0
I was in Berkeley for some work and decided to stop for a quick lunch at Angeline's and I'm so glad I did. The place looks pretty basic from the outside but has been done up pretty well inside. I was quickly seated and my server got me started with something to drink.  All I ordered to eat was a WILD MUSHROOM JAMBALAYA. I was impressed the minute they put the bowl in front of me because of its amazing aroma and I kept falling in love with the dish with every spoon. The rice was cook to perfection and was full of flavor, generously loaded with wild mushrooms and topped with freshly chopped green onions. The dish had just the right amount of spice as well.  The prices are a little steep but worth every dime spent. I am definitely going back for more.	 0
Five stars on my food and service. This place has the good Louisiana music playing while you wait on your food. I had the buttermilk fried chicken with the sweet potatoes and green beans. The chicken was cooked just right nice and juicy with a nice batter. Our waiter was very attentive and kept coming around making sure we were ok. Not like the ones that annoy u but it was just right. Everyone liked their food.	 0
The food here is so so so good and this place is full of chsracter, fun and energetic with very eccentric, eclectic decor that keeps you entertained. The service was great and we truly enjoyed coming here over going to another restaurant nearby. Definitely a lot of flavor in this place so come hungry because it's very filling and heavy.	 0
Unassuming but great.    The dishes are creative without going overboard. The quality of the food is consistently great. The service varies from good to great. The prices are reasonable for the quality of the food.	 0
With over 600 stellar reviews it would be redundant to exalt the attributes of Kiraku. Rather this review are some tips for future diners on a better experience.  The food is simple all small dishes, so don't expect to be filled up with 2 or 3 dishes. Large selection of sakes and beer is offered in pitchers. Make a reservation, go early or get ready to wait. Order a majority of your dishes right away some take time to come out.  Kiraku is tiny and cramped so it is not a great place fir large parties. Get in line for the 1 restroom or you will lose your place in line, there are chairs outside for the wait.  Service is efficient but they are busy, try to get your requests in together. The ambiance is not a quiet date night location. Bright florescent lights, busy servers, a drinking crowd, and plenty of people waiting for your table make a long dinners impossible.  Not a cheap meal with the small dishes and high end sakes.   Street parking only and it hit or miss in that area of Berkeley.    We ordered the following and all were excellent.  Beef Tongue  Duck Yuba spoons  Smelt tempura  The special sashimi of the day Kaizen mini rice bowl Roasted rice triangle	 0
One of the best meals I've had in years. Every dish brought out was AMAZING!!! It's izakaya style, and in order to land a reservation there's a alcohol min you have to meet per person. We ordered a ton of plates to share but they're all tapas style so not anything too heavy.   We had the corn tempura (love that they gave us an extra Bc we had 3 in our party), the black pork belly skewers (major hit in our party, much so we ordered a few more), the roasted duck skewer (one of my favs), sashimi, the tofu sea urchin dish, the chicken karaage, blue fin tuna cheek, potatoe croquettes, waygu beef, and a few other items. Washed it down with some sake and Orion beer. For dessert we had the yuzu mochi and green tea ice cream. Service was good, they were good about clearing away our plates quickly and food came out quickly as well. We did have to ask a few times for them to refill our waters.   We couldn't stop raving about this place. Enjoyed every dish. Will definitely be back!!	 0
This place blew my mind. It was my first time eating tuna collar. Have you had tuna collar? If not, you MUST try it. It was like eating steak....not that I've eating steak in the past 5 years BUT it had a steak like feel to it. Curious? Try it.   There was quite a wait, but definitely worth it. The sashimi was fresh and delicious, and we got a few other Japanese tapas, everything was good.   Also, our waitress was awesome and offered wonderful detailed descriptions about the dishes we were curious about. The place can get a bit crowded so it's not ideal for a quiet dinner. Regardless, Kiraku will be a go-to spot whenever I'm in Berkeley.   Tunaaaaaa collarrrrrrrr!	 0
Finding this Japanese restaurant is not going to be difficult. Just look for one that has people on the outside waiting and you'll find exactly where it is. There are two Japanese restaurants located on the same block where Kiraku will be. On busy nights just like the one where I went, parking may be a little difficult. So plan ahead. It may also be wise to make reservations. It took me and my friend an hour wait just to get seated and may I say it was all worth it.  Kiraku, just like most of izakaya restaurants in the south bay area which I am more familiar with, is a small Japanese restaurant packed with even smaller tables inside just like how it is where this native style of food serving comes from. It smells like different kinds of grilled, roasted, and braised meat plus soups and awesome goodies with nori inside. You know right away that when you're done eating, you'll  smell exactly like what you ate.   It is nothing different inside than any other Izakaya restaurant. However, the food and service deserve nothing less than five stars. It would be very unfair to give them any less. Order any sake and they present you with a selection of your own sake cups! I find it very personal and unique. Come and celebrate somebody's birthday here and surprise them, the lights turn off and all of a sudden everybody sings Happy Birthday. Since the place is very enclosed and not very big, all of a sudden everybody is your family and you are being celebrated!  Now onwards to the food. I figured that instead of the grilled Angus beef, I would try to order the premium braised Beef tongue with truffle oil and roasted salt. Ordered the salmon carpaccio, dried fish (not the unagi), ceviche, roasted duck Kiraku style, Kiraku salad, plum chazuke, edamame, pork belly skewers, pork intestine skewers ... the food was arriving endlessly and they didn't disappoint. Salted just right and the meats appear really tender. The ham from the Kiraku salad was tasty and delectable.   When in Berkeley and if a fan of izakaya, Kiraku would be THE place to go. I definitely heard one of the groups waiting outside say, "This is now our favorite Japanese restaurant!" to one of their companions. I don't blame them a bit.  Despite of this vagrant that kept hassling each group waiting outside then started smoking and blowing smoke as if it was pineapple-flavored hookah, the wait was definitely worth it.  The atmosphere inside is noisy, as the tables are very close to each, other but it wasn't loud enough that I was able to notice the nice jazz music that played. Ah...  Close your eyes and savor every dish. My favorite during my visit here was the dried fish. They have moist towels for you to clean your hands with before dining so feel free to eat with your hands !   I'LL BE BACK ! (With reservations!)	 0
This is a MUST TRY! I've been here several times on different occasions within the years and they never disappoint! So far my favorites are the Canadian Black Pork Kukuni (something along the name of that) and their Foie Gras on the daily menu with grilled rice and mushrooms. They have a staple menu but I highly suggest exploring their changing daily menu!   The place may have a long wait but it's worth it. Last time I went we has reservations which made it even better! Please keep in mind there's a minimum for reservations but it's very easy to get to that limit!  Thank you Kiraku for making my birthday and anniversary such a wonderful experience! Actually it's always a great experience!	 0
First time here. Let me just say that I am not a fan of Japanese food; however, my family loves it. So often times,  I follow them to whatever restaurant they go to. Whenever I do go to a Japanese restaurant, I usually only order all the cooked stuff for myself. The stars is solely based on my udon and the udon only. Everything else besides my udon, my family says it's good.	 1
After months of consecutive visits, my mom became friends with the boss and staff here so we no longer have to wait a long time. Now that we are a regular, I noticed that the services has been improved and the food just keeps getting better.  What is special at Kiraku is that they have different special items on the menu everyday. Sometimes they have A5 wagyu beef shabu, amberjack fish shabu, or steamed hairy crab... their menu is different every week and it depends on whatever they have bought in fresh that week. I heard that many of their products are imported from Japan/other places so pricing might reflect. My all time favorite here will be their yuba (spoons of uni, tofu, and sea urchin) that is just party in my mouth. Their fried/tempura corn is also amazing, it is fried just the right way.   Parking here might be hard to find but it is definitely worth trying here.	 0
TLDR: High end restaurant that is absolutely worth everything you pay. Make sure to try the sake sampler.  Came here with the BF for a date night. I had mixed hopes for this place because I love Japanese food but I hate tapas places. I've gotten pretty cynical about tapas lately because all of the ones I've tried have been nothing more than average food with high price tags.   Luckily, we got there ten minutes or so before it opened because we wanted to make it to a 7pm movie showing. There was already someone waiting when we got there, and by the time the place opened at 5:30, there were 4+ groups waiting. There was limited table space inside, but we were able to get a seat with the first batch of customers. So far, it seemed pretty promising.  We decided to order a sake sampler, a few appetizers and a ramen to share. Sake Sampler: Don't remember the exact name, I just know that I picked the one that had Sakura in the title. The sake was amazing, it had a floral taste to it that blended really well with the rest of the sake flavors. I'm usually to cheap to get alcohol with my meal but I'm definitely going to get another sampler next time I come here.  Mackerel: Really really good. I hear the mackerel can be really hit or miss, but I've been lucky because the few that I've tried have all been pretty good. This dish was no exception, the fish was amazingly fresh and didn't have overwhelming fishy taste that most mackerel have. The presentation was also amazing, the fish was cut into thin pockets and they gave you finely cut ginger, scallions, and wasabi that you could stuff into the fish pockets. The overall flavor was awesome and provided an interactive way to eat your food without being gimmicky.   Eggplant: Very whatever, not bad but not great. I think this was the most generically "Tapas" dish we tried there, probably won't waste stomach space on it next time.  Pork Belly: I didn't eat this but one ($3?) skewer was enough for two people to taste. Since it was so cheap, we thought it would be just one or two small cubes of meat, but the skewer actually came with four sizable strips. They have quite a few different meat skewers all around the same price, so you could order one of each and have enough for four people to sample.  Ramen: We ordered this mostly to fill up and it did what it needed to. The dish was cheap and filling. The noodles themselves were really springy which we loved, but the broth was a little plain. We might try a different entree next time, but it's a good dish to order if you want to fill up a little without spending a lot on just appetizers.  Overall, the food was really good and the pricing matched. I loved that you get exactly what you pay for here. You don't leave feeling like you got scammed paying a premium for pretty looking food that doesn't really taste all that great.  P.S.: This might be weird, but I thought their bathroom was really cool. Check it out between sake shots.	 0
Just exceptional.... everything! Service is impeccable. Creative and truly inspired food!  (This from a self proclaimed food snob.)	 0
My girlfriend and I came here around 2:45 PM on a rainy Sunday, just in time for "Hoppy Hour". We were greeted by a super friendly staff and seated quickly after they wiped down the tables. Our server, Rick, was super helpful with all of our questions, especially regarding the beer menu. He gave some really good suggestions for what to get with the beer sampler. I'll get back to that after.   For food, we ordered the Eureka! Burger, mahi mahi tacos, and the crispy glazed Brussels sprouts (which were my favorite part of the whole meal). For beers, he recommended (some are abbreviations from the permanent menu) the Scrimshaw, Heffer, Westfalia (Rick's personal favorite), and the Bees.   The burger and fries were good, I guess expected? The ketchup that came with it tasted home made.   The Russell sprouts were my favorite part of the meal. They were sweet, salty, and a little bit spicy. The macadamia nuts helped to add a nice texture. You could taste the sweet onions in the mix too.   The scrimshaw beer is one of the lightest beers they have. It was slightly sweet and didn't sit on the palate for too long. The Heffer was also sweet and reminded me more if a light, more-orangey Blue Moon. The Bees was slightly bitter, smelled on honey, and tasted like coffee. The Westfalia was almost nutty, but very pleasant. I can't think of anything else to describe it.   Bonus: Rick accidentally spilled some coffee creamer on the floor while carrying dirty dishes and it got all over my stuff. I was expecting him to wipe up the floor and be done, but he cleaned up all of my stuff too.	 0
First time here, and holy wow is the food ever delicious!!! Don't sell your experience short by getting anything but the truffle fries and a burger (I recommend the Cowboy burger-cooked to medium). Top that off with one of their awesome Moscow Mules and you've got a fantastic dinner!! Our server was nice but there was a bit of a wait.... however, the food was so good I didn't care!! Will definitely be coming here again!	 0
We accidentally hit upon this fantastic burger place simply because there was nothing else open. According to the Yelp App, of course ; )  Although the service was lacking at the start (there was only one server on duty since they thought it would be a slow night) the manager made up for it by serving us himself when I alerted him to the fact that we'd been overlooked for service, versus the tables around us.  We started with the Kale Salad with Cabbage, Roasted Garlic, Walnuts, Cranberries, Parmesan Cheese, and Parsley Vinaigrette. This is a flavorful and super healthy salad that can easily be split between two people -- or enjoyed on ones own.  If you're a kale health nut, check this salad out. I LOVE kale, and this salad was top!  Next came the Crispy Glazed Brussels Sprouts with Herb Oil and Macadamia Nuts. Soooo good! Order these! They're crispy and delicious, especially with the added touch of the nuts.  Also on the table were the Truffle Cheese Fries with Truffle Salt, Parmesan Cheese, Green Onions, and White Truffle Cheese Dipping Sauce. Again, another hit with bite after bite of flavor.  If you haven't got it yet, FLAVOR was the word of the night : )  My dining companion ordered the Napa Grilled Chicken Sandwich with Roasted Roma Tomatoes, Pesto, Havarti Cheese, Pancetta, and Arugula with a side of Coleslaw. It looked juicy and well layered, and he appeared to enjoy it.  I ordered the Bone Marrow Burger  Grilled Onions, and Aioli with Onion Rings. Literally, one of the best burgers that I've had!  We also ordered two glasses of red wine, which went very well with the meal.  I cannot wait to return to Eureka and I'm glad that it was great luck to find it in the Yelp search!	 0
Best food & service! What a great combo!  Came here on a Friday night for dinner & there was a little wait time. They get your number & name down so they can text you when your table is ready. Their estimated time is pretty accurate. I love the fact that they text you instead of calling out your name so you don't have to be in the area to hear your name. Out wait time was about 20-25 minutes & once we got the text we were brought to our table right away.  We ordered: 1.) lollipop corn dogs 2.) original eureka burger 3.) jalapeño-egg burger 4.) beer sampler 5.) American apple crisp dessert   The food came out in a timely manner starting with the appetizer. The corn dogs were delicious with a spicy/tangy mustard sauce. Both our burgers were cooked to our liking! No complaints. I'm the type of person who likes everything plain (no pickles, lettuce, onions, or tomatoes) & they didn't mess up my order. The American apple crisp was the perfect way to end the night! It a variation between an apple pie & peach cobbler topped with ice cream on top! Get the beer sampler if you don't know which beer to get! They have tons to choose from & most of them are made in the Bay Area.   The customer service was spectacular. Our waiter came frequently to check in on us. Out waiter had great product knowledge & were able to help us when we had questions. Definitely will be coming back!	 0
Great gourmet burger in downtown berk! Easy location to get to by anything as well.   Service: They are really attentive and are super friendly every time i've gone. It does get busy around 6PM and they don't take reservations.   Food: I've tried almost every burger and have yet to be disappointed. They have a great selection for whatever you may be feelings. I've tried all the fries here as well and they don't disappoint. If you order the onion rings though, they are huge but they always give you around 3-4 so I would choose the fries if you want to feel more full.   If you're not feeling a burger their chicken sliders and tacos are a great alternative.   Drinks: They have great cocktails and beers on tap. I enjoy the fact that they serve crushed ice in the cocktails!	 0
Came here so many times in college and still a huge fan. The food is always consistent as it gets. I love coming here for their happy hour. I splurge on about 3 appetizers that are discounted every time. My favorites are the smoke chicken nachos, fried chicken sliders, and the mahi mahi tacos. The truffle cheese fries are also really good. Its a huge portion, so it's good to share the fries with 2-4 people.   This time I got the fries, nachos, and brussel sprouts. Nachos are always crispy and its topped with cheese, sauce, chicken, black beans, jalapenos, and salsa. The fries are crispy and topped with shredded cheese and served with a side of truffle cheese sauce. The brussel sprouts were roasted and then tossed in this balsamic glaze. The glaze made them taste really good. It was sweet and savory. Almost like an asian flavor profile.   Drinks are also discounted for happy hour. Their beers and wines are $2 off and they have a good selection. My favorite is the orange ale. It is not that hoppy but the orange flavor makes it yummy.   Also if you are a fan of gourmet burgers, they have a great selection of delicious burgers. They have a fig burger, cowboy burger, bone marrow burger, etc.   This is a great place for a dinner, lunch, gathering, or if you just want to grab a drink.	 0
Appetizers: -Truffle Cheese Fries -Bruschetta  Entrees: -Jalapeño Egg Burger (Sub meat w/ veggie patty) -Cowboy Burger  Drinks: - Scrimshaw - Hop Stoopid  Total cost: $49.28 ( 2 appetizers, 2 beers, 2 entrees! Now, that's a good deal.)  This place is everything!!!!!  The truffle cheese sauce was divine lol. If you're  within the Berkeley area or willing to travel come here! You won't regret it, unless of course of a snob and super picky. Super casual environment & has this very modern feel to it. As far as entrees go, I loved the jalapeño egg/veggie burger. The veggie patty consisted of a mashed beet, some spices and veggies. My bf ordered the cowboy burger and he wasn't too happy with it. He had a bite off mine and  said, "I should of ordered yours..."  I loved his beer over mine. The Hop Stoopid was better than the Scrimshaw (recommended by the waitress).   Overall this place is 5/5 and we will def be back to try some other things on the menu.	 0
Whiskey Sour - Egg white, lemon. Delicious, and sparkling.   Bone marrow burger - Gourmet burger, large, ugly-looking, delicious, savory, juicy with butter soaked into the bun, and no condiments were needed to enjoy.   Brussel sprouts - Crunchy layers, flavorful, and good to share.   Service - Good and attentive.  Interior - Loud, open, intimate, and calming.	 0
An evening of fine dining and fine pairings: my dinner jacket and her pretty dress, chunky goblets and slender silver, luscious wine and silky squab, empty wallets and full hearts, my wife's birthday and Chez Panisse!  4 . 7 5   S T A R S    * * FINE WINES AND BOMB NOMS! My heart sings a joyful ode to pleasures enhanced on the palate, when prime wines dribble over bold bites! If your wallet can handle an extra uppercut to the chin, the WINE PAIRING with the prix fixe menu is a must.  :: From the bar :: Chez Panisse Zinfandel -- PHENOMENAL. Such a gorgeous, balanced red! -------------- :: Aperitif :: A gewürztraminer -- LOVELY. Ripe, juicy grapes. -------------- :: Bonus bite :: Lobster crostini and radish with meyer lemon, paired with a prosecco -- MADE MY EYES CLOSE. Bright flavors, exquisite textures, and FLAWLESS prosecco. -------------- :: 1st course :: Green and yellow bean salad paired with white wine -- SALAD LIKE AN ACAPELLA SERENADE. Delightfully delicate beans, flavor-packed radish sprouts, however the pairing was a slight disappointment. -------------- :: 2nd course :: Halibut ravioli with black prince tomato paired with a blush-colored wine -- DIVINE! Smoky fish, cheesy heaven, toothy pasta, and bursting-with-juice tomato! Somehow, sipping the wine after having swallowed a bite brought the rich tomato flavor back onto my palate. Seriously amazing! -------------- :: 3rd course :: Wild black pepper squab with veggies and squab liver toast paired with a big red wine -- MOIST AND SILKY. Culinary wizardry dazzled my inner carnivore by imbuing dry bird flesh with the moist texture of seared ahi. Wowza! Wine was a grrreat match. -------------- :: Bonus bite :: Fancy cookies and candied grapefruit peal paired with lemon verbena tea -- NOM NOM. Yummies like a sweet kiss on the cheek goodnight. Soothing tea. -------------- :: Dessert :: Bittersweet chocolate fondant with raspberry ice cream paired with a red dessert wine -- BITTERSWEET. Dessert was lack-luster, but the wine was BLOCKBUSTER!   * WE'VE ARRIVED Chez Panisse is like the Louvre of California Cuisine. My wife and I both grew up in the East Bay from less-than-well-to-do backgrounds, and thus finding ourselves as foodies on a date at Chez P's was momentous. We held hands across the table and looked around at all the angular decor of wooden frames and copper fixtures that we'd seen in photographs, and realized, 'Holy shit. We've surpassed our parents.' Not boasting or gloating, but the feeling was... Big.   * SPARKLING SERVICE Our servers elevated warmth to a fine craft. There was a gratitude to their attentiveness that made us feel very special. Definitely enhanced the romance.   *(0.75) DAZZLING DETAILS Chez Panisse is a tight, but luxurious space, full of fancy details. The beautiful craftsmanship of the wood and copper decor. The extra-plush napkins. The precious little beakers with 'Chez Panisse' etched into the glass. The beefy, brass banister that goes upstairs. Alice Waters leaning against the bar and smiling at us (Eeeeeee!). And no dividing wall between the kitchen and the dining room. Dope!   0 . 2 5   M I N U S E S   -(0.25) BUT! After paying a check stacked four hunnies high, I'd like to feel just a liiiittle more spoiled. I therefore present to you, Ms. Waters, a pair of enhancements to elevate the Chez Panisse experience:  :::: LOSE 3 TABLES.  Yo, this luxurious and intimate experience of a lifetime packs 'em in like a train compartment. We waited for weeks, paid this money, and yet we have to concentrate to avoid eavesdropping on our neighbor's chit chat?  :::: ADD 3 BONUS BITES. With 1 aperitif, 4 courses, and (only) 2 surprise freebies -- you know whu'd be great? 3 more surprise freebies! A stunning snack to precede each menu item would inspire such grateful satisfaction. :::: PICTURE IT: our meal is well underway, and our server surprises us with a THIRD fabulous freebie! "Presented on a spoon of Jalisco silver," she sings, "is a gold tangelo wedge, picked from Alice Waters' home garden, dabbed in Gilroy garlic ghee, and salted with the tears of a grateful yogi. Compliments of Le Chef." And then I'd be like, "WHAAAAT?!" And my wife would be all, "Okaaaayyyy!!" And at the end of the meal, we slump into our mahogany chairs SPACIOUSLY, gazing at each other over our full bellies, having just signed the check. "Well Babe... THAT was money well spent."	 0
We recently celebrated our anniversary dinner here. Loved every minute of our experience. We arrived slightly early and was greeted very nicely at the entrance and invited to wait upstairs while they prepared our table (we were told that it looked like they could seat us early :)). Upstairs, the vibe of the Cafe was very pleasant and decidedly on the nice side of casual. When our table was ready, the maître d fetched us and helped carry our drinks down to the restaurant. I don't know how they did it but our even got better and better with each bite and servicing by the waiter, busser and maître d. Everyone was not only attentive but professional and genuinely nice. I normally don't eat pork but I enjoyed the pork dish very much. Loved the way the vegetables were prepared. Taste and presentation were exquisite. I grew up around food--my late dad was a chef. I sooooo appreciate the care and love that people in the kitchen put into food. I could really feel and taste that at Chez Panisse. To top it off, they surprised us with a "happy anniversary" message on our dessert. My heart was fed along with my stomach. My hubby and I give this place a hearty thumbs up, waaaay up! *Thank you to everyone at Chez Panisse who helped to make our anniversary dinner so very special... and tasty on all levels!* :)))	 0
Yes. It's worth it.    Yes. It's expensive. Yes. You need to make a reservation far ahead of time. (But maybe not as far ahead as you'd think - we went on a Tuesday at 8:15, and I made the reservation only 10 days beforehand. To get a Saturday - I think you may need to know someone). Yes. It's worth it.  It's the whole experience really that makes it 5 stars.  Set menus are great. And the timing of set menus is key to experience. There are four courses on the Chez Panisse set menu. However when we arrived they served us quince flavored Prosseco with little toast with goat cheese and fig just to get us going - not part of the menu.  Both were quite nice. Prosseco was very smooth and fun. Toast were a great flavor combo.    Before we move through the courses - let's talk about wine. There is an extensive menu with all sorts of choices (in different price ranges) which I'm sure are fantastic. But for those of us that are not sommeliers, they also have a wine pairing menu for each course for $65. Which is not cheap, but was a great value. Not only do they do a good job of choosing different wines that compliment the food, they also give healthy pours to begin and then if we finished our wine before we finished the course it came with they would give us a refill. So, for not having to make a decision and getting to try multiple wines and really getting a decent amount of wines, I think it's a great value.   First course was seared sea scallops with shaved fennel and artichoke salad, mint, and olio nuovo. The scallops were amazing. So flavorful and buttery and perfectly tender. The rest of the salad was fine, but the scallops shone. The wine pairing was a gewurztraminer - which normally are too sweat for me - but this one was actually quite dry and one of my favorite wines of the night.  Second course was chanterelle mushroom agnolotti in brood with chestnuts and sage. This was my least favorite course. The mushrooms were quite nice, but the pasta didn't impress me. My husband was impressed by the level of al dente they were but I wasn't into it. It also was the most pinner of the courses - a couple more would have been good. The chestnuts were super buttery and amazing. The sage was somehow made crunchy which was super cool. This was paired with a chardonnay that I don't remember where it was from.  Not as good as the first wine, but still good.   Third course was grilled lamb loin, leg and pecorino fried chop. All the meat was quite good. It had a real nice chimichurri too.  The grilled meat was very tender and not over cooked. Fried chop was very crispy but also not over cooked and juicy.  The potato puree that came with it was just that. The kale was also just that. This was paired with a French red that I cannot remember where it was from (I'm horrible with French wine). It paired well with the meat - medium body, easy to drink.  Final course was creme caramel with clementines and huckleberries.  I'm not a huge desert fan - but I'd say it was good.  It had a crispy almond thing that came with it that I think was my favorite part. Was served with a dessert wine which I unfortunately don't remember what it was.    Food good - certain things stood out.   Wine pairing - very well done.  Service. It's the little things that really make a difference. Like the part where every time food came out they had multiple people bring it, so it all arrived at the exact same time. And same with clearing dishes. Seamless. And when the wine ran out - there was more. No wait. And the waiter new when to say something, and when to just refill or take a plate.   The timing. Just enough time in between courses, but didn't feel like we were waiting. 2 hour dinner, but flew by. The little things.   At the price tag - not something to make a habit of, but worth it. :)	 0
*I love the fact that they advocate food sustainability. They make purchases from local farms/ranches/fisheries/orchards. * They automatically place a 17% service charge, so be mindful to take that to account if you'd like when you're deciding how much to tip. * Make sure to book a reservation!  Here's a list of what we ordered and what I think of some of them(*): ~Appetizers: : Artichoke, potato, and sunchoke salad with egg and bagna caude vinaigrette   * Baked andante dairy goat cheese with garden lettuce -- absolute recommend this one! The consistency of the chèvre is remarkable: pretty crunchy and smooth; just perfect.  ~ Main entrée: : Northern halibut with Belgian endive, marinated beets, and salsa di dragoncello : Grilled Sonoma County duck sausages and confit with lentils, braised red cabbage, and salsa verde  ~Desserts: * Bittersweet chocolate tartlet with almond praline -- I love this one. Definitely a sweet meal ender. Not too sweet. The texture of the tart was to die for. Smooth and crunchy, everything in the plate were there for a reason.  : Coconut and passionfruit ice cream with langue de chat  ~ Drinks: * Chez Panisse Zinfandel (2014) -- Superb! Crisp and robust bold taste  Absolutely an excellent dining experience. I attest to the exquisiteness of the foods and wines served, as well as the total quality of this café. I'm an undergrad in Berkeley, so my friends and I came in here for a pre-thanksgiving lunch. Because the tables upstairs were not too far apart (but not too close either) with other guests, we instantly connected with the guests in the other tables--turns out they were all Berkeley alumni and that just reinforced the dining experience to say the least! Attentive servers. Cozy interiors too.	 0
Holy smokes.  This restaurant is possibly the most lavish, delicious, and best dining experience I have ever had! The staff is amazing and answered all of my questions while the food practically spoke for itself in flavor and unique design!  Now I know this is pricey, so this is a very very very special occasion restaurant, but I do think the quality and crafting of what you get is worth the price! They also will work with you for the special occasion (they put happy anniversary on our desert for our occasion)!   I honestly couldn't even pick a favorite plate from the pre-determined menu as they all stole the show! Everything was well balanced and so so fresh. Thank you for making our evening so magical!	 0
Trace back to the origin of Californian dish! We made the reservation online two weeks ahead in order to get a spot on Friday night. We came to the cafe, which is just a bit less pricy.  The atmosphere is warmly cozy. We are seated beside a window and the view of the night street is really pretty, with a sense of early Thanksgiving.  We shared three main dishes of the day, sirloin, spicy shrimp and pasta. I like the shrimp the best, since the medium raw sirloin is a bit too raw for me. I'd definitely recommend their desserts! No matter which day you go and what desserts they serve on that day, just randomly pick one and I believe it won't let you down. Ours of the day was rum ice cream with hazelnut cookie, which is so crispy and great!	 0
The lady surprised me here with a birthday dinner earlier in the year.  I thought we were going to SF but she made a surprise turn and we ended up here despite my protests about not going to the city.  Now I can't recall the whole menu now but some highlights included the duck, butternut squash soup, and the ice cream. Everything was fresh and executed with utmost care.  Service was as expected from a place like Chez Panisse. We were lucky to be seated at the front of the restaurant with the beautiful stained glass of the Craftsman building.  I'm not sure when the next time will be when I get a chance to come here but I will savor this last visit for a while.	 0
You pretty much need a reservation to get in, so make sure to book one beforehand! They were super accommodating after I absentmindedly locked my keys in my car and had to wait for AAA- I was worried our reservation would be canceled but fortunately, the hosts were very nice!   We came here for lunch at the cafe, which is more affordable than dinner. The restaurant boasts using fresh ingredients, so the menu constantly rotates. I'm a huge fan of Californian cuisine so not surprisingly, I loved the food here! Every part of my dish tasted very delicious. Service was also great, so overall it was a very satisfying experience!	 0
Yelp Challenge 2016:  41/116 In 1971, Alice Waters' Chez Panisse practically created the California cuisine movement with her insistence on utilizing local, organic and sustainable ingredients long before it was as fashionable and commonplace as it is today.    Recently, I was fortunate enough to obtain an 8:00 pm reservation.  Although I dined alone, service was kind and gracious and unrushed.  Dinner began with an offer of an alcoholic aperitif, but I asked for a non-alcoholic alternative and was offered a 2015 Gewürztraminer grape juice from Navarro Vineyards.  Very sweet and crisp and refills were offered.  An amuse bouche followed in the form of a crisp with beet purée with cumin and country bread and butter.  A beautiful starter arrived next, the Halibut & King Salmon Carpaccio with edible flowers and crisp basil cucumbers.  This was delightfully sweet and oily with a hint of crunch from sprinkled sea salt and it didn't need knife.  A brodo, featuring potato ravioli and green beans followed, dressed with earthy Australian Spring Black Truffles.  I savored every bite.  The main course this night was the Magruder Ranch Beef Ribeye with crispy, thin edges and a very tender middle.  This was cooked medium rare.  It was lightly spiced so the taste of the meat could shine through on its own.  The ribeye arrived topped with wild morel mushrooms from Mt. Shasta and garlic cloves with a crispy broccoli di ciccio and sweet, salty corn fritters.  I was seated at 8:10 and dessert arrived at 9:20.  I appreciated the unhurried service that allowed me to fully enjoy the surroundings, the food and amusing conversations close by.  Dessert was a Bomba Noyau (which tastes a bit like Amaretto) with raspberry & strawberry ice creams, white nectarines, berries and am almond crisp.  Lovely.  A little bonus came at the end, an almond dragée (almonds rolled in cocoa powder) with sugared red currants.  So picturesque and delicious.  Hot tea with spearmint & lemon verbena was served at the end of the wonderful meal.  It's herbal-citrus-mint tastes blended together and was the perfect way to end the memorable meal.  Many famous diners have enjoyed Chez Panisse, including the Dalai Lama and former President Bill Clinton.  I can now say I've joined the ranks of diners who have been fortunate enough to experience Alice Waters' visionary restaurant.  Dinner is currently priced at $160 per person, which is inclusive of tax and service charge.  A beautiful experience...	 0
My fiancé and I came here. We've always wanted to dine here, and finally yesss!!!!  We had high expectation since we long for soooo long.  Anyways, this place def meet our expectation and even higher.   The lunch was so delicious!!!!!!!  Love it!!!!!!  How can they make simple dish so delicious!?  Magic hand!	 0
Oh, the struggle!  I have long heard of Chez Panisse and have put it on my Must Try list.  We made a lunch reservation for the cafe.  They were really great about seating us early, accommodating a friend who was over an hour late, and checking in on us throughout the meal.  The menu started off as promising: a decent selection, local ingredients, and inventive dishes.  Alas!  On taste, it was so hit and miss.  My blood orange salad, while very flavorful, stomped out the beets and baby greens.  My pasta did not taste of saffron at all.  My friend--the egregiously late one--ordered the bay shrimp.  It came out so quickly, we were pleasantly surprised.  Apparently though the shrimp were overcooked.  Dad really liked his corned beef sandwich and soup though.  Do not get me wrong: this place was relaxing to have a meal.  Yes, they aim to be inventive and to please.  But at almost $50/head after tax and tip and the gastronomy scene upped so much in the Bay:  1.  Was it worth the price?  Not really. 2.  Was the food remarkable?  Not consistently. 3.  Would I visit again?  Probably no need to revisit in the next 3-5 years.  It hurts to write this review...  2 stars because "Meh. I've experienced better."	 1
It pains me to leave this review. I was so excited to try Chez Panisse, even though its reputation has been on a steady decline.   Food taste? Good. Service? Excellent.   But the portions were laughably insufficient, especially for a vegetarian. I HATE when restaurants assume to give vegetarians a less substantial meal. But that's what happened with CP's vegetarian pre fixe menu.   I paid $125 for 1) egg salad on two small crostinis, 2) about 15 spoonfuls of squash soup, 3) small risotto pancake (think potato pancake, and a small one), and 4) a small lemon soufflé. Does that sound like $125 worth of food to you? Then you are out of touch.   I was STARVING at the end. I felt like I never even got my entree. I saw meat eaters around us with larger plates of food and realized I was being ripped off.   Chez Panisse are crooks for charging what they do for what they give you. Oh, and the table bread SUCKED. It's as if they served 3-day old bread.   If you're a vegetarian and want to spend on a fancy meal, try Commis in Oakland. Considerably more inventive, plentiful, and tasty food. Chez Panisse is a dying restaurant, and it shows.	 1
I will always have a tender spot in my heart for this place.  I've been coming here for years now, since I grew up in the bay area, and throughout the years (while many places have come and gone in and out of fashion) the memories of eating here has always remained ingrained in my mind.  Some people in my family don't like how "simple" and fresh the food is(California cuisine), but my preference is for the flavor of ingredients of dishes to shine through.  I also don't have a preference for super rich or heavy foods.  Here a lot of thought is put into each dish and every component.  None of the dishes are overly complicated and the thought that comes to mind is Coco Chanels quote about how before you leave the house, you should remove one accessory.  All the dishes here seem to have just the right  amount of components and while it's definitely fine dining, nothing feels "fussy" here.   The restaurant itself is very beautiful, with both elegant and rustic touches.  I would definitely recommend coming here for a date or just a quiet, relaxing evening.	 0
We went for an impromptu luncheon date in the cafe. Absolutely perfect. The service was remarkable, and the food was to die for. You can't compare this to any other restaurant  in the  Bay Area.  The Meyer lemon ice cream is so delicious. A wonderful, romantic and lovely place to enjoy a meal with someone you love.	 0
My son is a student at Berkeley and this restaurant is a special place for us.  We always make a reservation to eat here when we visit.  The lower part of the restaurant is more formal where the set menu is served.  The cafe is upstairs and is less formal.  I've eaten in both sections and the quality, service and atmosphere are equally superb.  Expect    beautiful, perfect food served with simplicity but with flare.  Rotating menu depending on availability of the garden/farm makes the surprise part of the exciting experience at Chez Panisse.	 0
Dinner for 2, 6:45p reservations for Saturday night. This is our 4th time here for dinner, up on the cafe.  Service: 5/5, always perfect!  Food: 5/5 - hand-cut linguine with peas, shrimp and clams. Always amazing flavors, herbs always fresh. Clams cooked perfectly, shrimp was sweet. Hubs had pork shoulder with rice, garbanzo beans and greens. The pork shoulder was the bed I had, soft, moist, excellent flavor.   Environment: 5/5 as it was casual dress and we got sat in the far room, and had a nice view out the front of the restaurant.  Repeat visit?: definitely! Always happy to go here for a special meal!	 0
It's taken me so long to review La Note because every time I try I am left with no words. So here is me trying to not be so speechless:  La Note consistently makes the best brunch in Berkeley for vegetarians and meat lovers alike.  Unfortunately, La Note isn't very vegan friendly, BUT the experience is so good that I have to give it 5 stars.  The first time I decided to go to La Note, I didn't think I'd return. The food is on the pricey side, and would I really want to spend that much on brunch regularly? I didn't think so. But boy was I wrong.  After many visits, I've had my fair share of La Note's pancakes, brioche pan perdu (french toast), omelettes, eggs, lattes, mimosas, and strawberry steamed milk. The lavender honey brioche pan perdu will be some of the best french toast you've ever had. You can taste both the lavender and honey flavor in each decadent slice. Neither overpowering the french toast, but both flavors subtly evolving the dish into an addicting meal. The pancakes here are presented beautifully - the creme fraiche comes with a swirl of cream and the poached pear is elegantly garnished. However, despite the cute presentation, the pancakes are the only thing that I've found to be less than excellent at La Note - they're a bit too dry for my taste.   If you're craving something savory then I really recommend the les oefs lucas - some of the fluffiest eggs scrambled with goat cheese and served with roasted tomatoes. Alternatively, you can opt for a huge omelette filled with one thing or another. What I definitely recommend, regardless of whether you go savory or sweet is a side of homefries. The homefries are made with whole cloves of garlic seasoning them to perfection. La Note has hands down the best homefries I've ever had.   In terms of drinks, if you want to go caffeinated I recommend the double latte. The latte is very smooth and will not disappoint. If you want to go boozy, try the grapefruit mimosa. If you're not feeling caffeine or alcohol but want something other than water try the strawberry steamed milk.   So what's the big takeaway from all of this? Go to La Note. Just do it. You will not be disappointed.   PS La Note does get pretty crowded, even on weekdays, so it pays to make reservations.	 0
A fascinating restaurant, serving excellent steak and deserts. Enjoy the meal in music.  I'm grateful to the beautiful lady, who had reserved the only seat beside the window for us. The price is acceptable especially in CA.	 0
One of the most raved about/favorite brunch places in Berkeley and for a good reason. If you're hoping to come to this place know that prime time brunch hours are 10am-12pm. Wait time can be anywhere between 45mins to 1.5 hrs.  Even when it's busy, servers are are pretty attentive and make sure you have everything you need before leaving you to your meal.   My go to is usually the CODE SUD. I usually get my eggs scrambled with home fries, bacon, and sourdough toast. YUMM. They basically combined all my favorite breakfast items in one dish and it has yet to disappoint.   I've also tried their brioche with lavender honey and THIS IS ALSO A MUST. The bread is so warm and fluffy and the honey dip is so refreshing. It's not overly sweet like honey you can find in stores. You can also taste tons of lavender in the honey as well so it pairs like a dream with the warm brioche.   I've also had the pancakes here and they are equally delicious.   Normal brunch prices but totally worth how much you get and the quality of the food.	 0
Not worth waiting that long at all... Omelet was hard and pastry basket was just ok Creme Fraiche Pancake was good. Service was terrible. I spent more than 20 minutes to get the server's attention.	 1
I love this place! Ever since I got introduced to the restaurant, not a visit in Berkeley is complete without dropping by for brunch, albeit the long wait. This time was no different. I had the Les Oeufs Lucas, two eggs lightly scrambled with goat cheese, chives with roasted tomatoes, I chose spicy Merguez sausage to go with it, plus slices of sourdough bread. I had french coffee with this order and a coffee cake. My companion had two scrambled eggs with emental cheese, with a side of ginger pancakes.   If you decide to get brunch from this place, choose the patio area because eating inside could get a little stuffy especially if you get seated at one of the table near the walls. Also, prepare for the long wait and parking can be challenging, especially during the weekends.  Although today we chose to eat inside because it was cold and drizzling outside. No long wait this time probably because it's weekday. I'm happy to be back and will definitely come again. It's worth a day's trip from LA to SF.	 0
I dream of this place. It's reliably delicious, with a beautiful atmosphere and great service. Been for brunch countless times and once for dinner. Be prepared to wait!! Pros: fresh, delicious brunch; atmosphere. Cons: wait times on weekend can be 45 mins easily.  Food: My go-to is the Cote Nord -- crispy toasted bread with warm cream cheese (I'm not a chevre fan) and soft scrambled eggs on top. Comes with roasted tomatoes, potatoes, and garlic. Can we talk about this garlic? Stick your fork in it, and it oozes sweet, creamy roasted garlic. It's so so good. They offer chocolate pain perdu on the weekdays for brunch -- definitely recommend. And try their bread baskets with the homemade jam! I've been once for dinner. Food was fine, but it's much better at brunch.   Atmosphere: If it's warm outside, ask to sit on the back patio. It's got quaint wood tables with colored umbrellas under flowery trees. Inside is very cute and French -- a suitable second best.   Value: It's definitely on the higher end for Berkeley, but worth every penny. Portions will leave you stuffed.   Service: Always super friendly and efficient.	 0
Came here with a group of 6 as a recommendation from my friend. We came right when the opened so there was plenty of seating. They have a lot of on their menu, different types of pasta, pizza and calzones! I liked that they separated their pasta by type of meat, makes it easy to navigate. I ordered The Godfather's Favorite. It was cheaper if you paid with cash. Each pasta dish come with a slice of garlic bread. The food came out really quickly and it was such a generous portion! Overall this place is amazing for the quality, portion and price. Will definitely come here again!   I also include pictures of my friend's food but I don't remember all the names of the items.	 0
This is my husbands & I favorite place to eat pasta. They have a variety of options for everyone, but I have to say the pesto pasta with chicken & primavera calzone has to be my favorite! The place is fairly small, and one may have to wait for a table to be available but definitely worth it. It's very affordable but honestly that it doesn't matter.   Cons:  *Restrooms are located outside, and are dirty *No parking	 0
Why oh why did my brother introduce me to this place? It's days later and in my mind I'm still sitting there waiting for another chance to devour another plate of the Gamberi e Capesante. Racking my brain I don't recall ever having this dish before (so yes I was being adventurous since trying something unique at new place is BOLD), but I'm already craving more. The food was fresh, perfectly seasoned, well portioned and totally affordable. If street parking wasn't such a disaster around the UCB campus we'd be instant regulars. Luckily my brother promised us all that he'd treat us for our birthdays...big spender--lol. Seriously, you'll love it and if nothing on their vast menu doesn't suit your fancy, they'll customize your (or your kid's) dish to your specifications.	 0
My go to place whenever I'm in Berkeley. You honestly just can't beat the price and the portions. I've always stuck with The Godfather's Favorite for the most part along with the Crazy Alfredo. I've tried the Carbonara and the Calzones but nothing quite compares to The Godfather's Favorite.   The place is always packed and it takes a while to get your food but I promise it's worth the wait. I've taken a lot of my friends from out of town here and they loved it just as much as I do.   It's cheaper if you pay with cash, so if you have cash def use it. All the pasta plates come with bread and fresh garlic spread thing on top which is super yum!   They are open late as well if you're ever craving a late night carb craving this is the place to go.	 0
I have nothing to complain about this place except for the space. I wish it were bigger because they have lots of customers and not enough tables.  I recommend this place.   FOOD: good.  i don't know what else to say.  Oh, good selection. They also have pasta for vegetarian folks.  They have calzone, pizza , salads, lasagna.    PRICE: prices went up, but i guess, so as everything now, right?  Price is decent. Combo is ~$10 (rounded up), which includes a bowl of salad (big one, not petite like the one served when you are at a Japanese restaurant), and a drink. TIP: pay cash, it's cheaper.   RESTROOM: none  SERVICE: it's a serve yourself place. So the only service you really get is upon ordering.  PARKING: SUCKS! It's a street parking and close to the university, go figure.	 0
Okay, this is literally my go-to place to show my friends when they come visit. So far, everybody thought it was amazing and always raved about coming back to Berkeley to eat this during late night cravings. The one time that a friend's expectations fell short was when they ordered pizza instead of pasta. They saw my order of the Crazy Alfredo and instantly regretted not getting the same thing. Their pizza was so mediocre, so I definitely recommend people to stay away from them.  As for the best pasta dish, it is hands down the Crazy Alfredo. It's been my fourth year here, and I have never gotten anything else since the first time I tried Crazy Alfredo. My boyfriend always tried to order something new in order to not have both of us order the same thing, but I tell him "Let's be real... do you really think anything can be better than the crazy alfredo?" He agreed, and never ordered anything else since. It is the perfect amount of alfredo, chicken, sausages, and bellpeppers. Ugh, don't even get me started on how delicious their garlic toast is when you dip it in the leftover alfredo sauce.   If you don't like Alfredo, the Pesto chicken and the Godfather's favorite are also popular options. However, the one time my boyfriend got the pesto, it was a little too strong and the ingredients just don't add up to the Crazy Alfredo portions. You can also ask to exchange pasta options, though!	 0
I should have known better seeing all the 4 and 5 star reviews.  Poor college students don't know better.  If low price and huge portions size is what you want, then this is the place for you!   The restaurant was kind of like a fast food restaurant.  You order at the counter.  Find a seat and wait for your food.    I ordered a Bronx Tale and my wife had the Frutti Di Mare.  The Bronx Tale was basically a Penne Pasta with a can of tomato sauce mixed in with meatballs and sausage.  The sauce was very acidic.  Perhaps the sauce was from Chef Boyardee as another review suggested.  Other than sourness, I couldn't taste anything else.  A bottle of Ragu, or anything from the 99 Cents Only Store would've tasted better.  But, the portion was large, and the price was low.  My wife's Frutti Di Mare was the same as my pasta with seafood mixed in.  Again, it was very acidic.  I've never had sour seafood pasta before, and hope never to have it again.  Pizza Hut is better than this place for their pasta.  There must be something in air in Berkeley for the students.  They are hallucinating that this a five star place.  If you want real Italian food, keep looking.	 1
After moving away from Berkeley I've realized what a gem Gypsy's is. I've yet to find quality, casual italian food for the price that Gypsy's offers. From their sandwiches, calzones, pizzas, to pastas, you cannot go wrong with any of the dishes here. One of the best places to eat in Asian Ghetto if you don't mind the carb load and the slightly long wait.   Portions are HUGE. They serve some of the biggest calzones I've ever seen. And the pizza is alway delicious (so much better than Blondie's around the corner). Everything is at least two meals worth or split-worthy. All of the pasta dishes come with a fantastic piece of bread with some amazing garlic.   The selection is also very vegetarian friendly (though not that vegan friendly, as most italian places aren't). You can also customize non vegetarian dishes to make the vegetarian, like subbing chicken out of the pesto pizza for instance.  My personal favorite pasta dish is the penne gorgonzola (love the spinach and tomatoes in their alfredo) and my favorite pizza is the primavera (broccoli on pizza never tasted so good).	 0
This place has fast meals for a good price. The pasta I had made me want to switch nationalities to Italian. The best pasta I've had at the price. Great place to have food with friends.	 0
love this place.  Tasty and i really love food!  fare price.	 0
Food: 5/5      Price: 5/5      Service: 5/5    Ambience: 5/5  *** MICHELIN Guide 2017 ***  What an amazing tapas bar with a vibrant ambience, friendly waiters, and delicious food! We came in at 5:30 today with a reservation (make sure you do this since they fill up fast) right before the Happy hour ends. Happy hour is Tuesday - Sunday from 4-6pm & 10-midnight. You receive a free tapas plate when you order a beverage, $4 wines, and $6 selected tapas!!!! The complementary tapas plates are literally bite size portions, great for us to try out some new flavors. We've tried almost everything on the menu, and all tasted beyond delicious.    My absolute favorite was TORTILLITAS DE GAMBAS, which was a fried shrimp fritter with chucks of filling, and the avocado mousse was amazing. BRUSELAS was super delicious brussels sprouts lightly fried to perfect crispiness, generous portion, very refreshing with fresh grapes. PATATAS BRAVAS was lightly fried potatoes served hot, and the spice gave it an amazing kick! CROQUETAS DE POLLO was fried balls stuffed with creamy chicken served piping hot, with an amazing aioli sauce. Last but not least, the freshly fried CHURROS CON CHOCOLATE are the best when dipped in a rich chocolate , ask for it to be served last! Other tapas were great as well but did not particularly stand out.   Next time I'm definitely trying the PAELLA rice dish, CALAMARES FRITOS, CROQUETAS DE BACALAO, and reordering all of my favorite tapas.  Favorites: * TORTILLITAS DE GAMBAS ($6 HH/ $9) - shrimp and garbanzo bean fritters, avocado mousse * BRUSELAS ($6 HH/ $8) - crispy brussels sprouts, grapes, balsamic reduction * PATATAS BRAVAS($6 HH/ $8) - fried potatoes, calabrian ñora aioli * CROQUETAS DE POLLO ($6 HH/ $8) - chicken, grutere, sweet peppers, béchamel, piquillo aioli * CHURROS CON CHOCOLATE ($6 HH/ $7) - fresh Spanish doughnuts served with warm chocolate milk * Chato ($4/ $8) - red or white wine of the day  Others: * PIQUILLO RELLENO ($6 HH/ $8) - stuffed piquillo pepper, goat cheese, caramelized onions, raddicchio, honey balsamic, hazelnut breadcrumbs * ALBÓNDIGAS ($6 HH/ $9) - wild boar meatballs, sherry tomato cream, manchego, guindilla peppers * TORTILLA DE PATATAS ($6 HH/ $6) - egg, potato, sweet onion, piquillo aioli	 0
Had dinner here last night celebrating a good friends bday, we were told that it would be a prefix menu based upon our reservation of 14 folks, we were not told what from their menu would be served, mystery food..... for $35 a person I would have expected a little bit more from their menu... what we got for $840 : Patatas Bravas   Patatas Aoili (i think they should have just served us one type of potatoes, taste the same.. one spicy one not) Croquetas Lamb sliders Bruselas Piquillos Paella 2 of the same kind mixta and 2 diff ones, tres and mariners total 4 Alfajores cookies for dessert (really cookies for dessert?.. alfajores is also peruvian..lol... could have at least given us churros.. at least the bday celebrant give him a cake or candle to blow...geeeshh..nada nothing) 3 carafes of sangria 3 sodas  If you add everything we ordered i would say we did not get our $$$$ worth. The service was great, our server was awesome.. but the hostess, eeehhhh, kept coming to our table to see if we would get done quicker as another group was waiting to get seated, not our fault, we waited for over an hour after having our resevation at 730pm we got seated past 830pm.. On our way home I called the resto and spoke to the Owner/ Manager Sergio, discussed our concerns regarding our meal and was told he would look into it and get back to us Saturday morning... guess what... no calls whatsoever.. oh well.. so much for repeat customers.. was the food at least good?.. the brussels sprouts was good the rest including the paella was mediocre.  Not kid friendly either...Don't eat here if you have a big group def not worth it!!	 1
I came with my family for my graduation dinner. It was Sunday at 5pm so we also came during their HH which was awesome! Half of sangrias and with each drink, you can get a small tapas. We ordered a pitcher of sangria which was half off, and that included 5 small tapas.   The sangria was good! It was fruity but didn't taste watered down.  The HH tapas we tried were:  Albodingas Brussels sprouts Piquillos rellanos Patatas Bravas Shrimp and Garbanzo Bean fritter Croquettas de championes  Loved them all!!   For tapas we ordered the octopus and calamari. The octopus was incredibly tender, I wanted another order! The calamari was flavorful as well, and I enjoyed the squid ink sauce.   We ordered the Arroz Negro and my family really enjoyed it!   Service was on the slower side, but friendly!  Reservations were easy to make and recommended.	 0
This place is amazing! We came in and enjoyed the Chef's Prix Fixe menu, and it was fantastic. We were coursed out a variety of tapas that showcased both traditional Spanish cuisine and new innovative European/South American fusion cuisine. A real bang for your buck! Definitely satiated our appetites. We had a variety of tapas, paella, and dessert! I'll include some pictures of our favorite paella (Tres Cerditos), our deserts (Olive oil citrus cake), and the Chef recommended Sherry flight. YES, they have a huge sherry selection with an eclectic list from all over Spain. We enjoyed the "Dry Flight" that included a fino all the way up to an oloroso. It paired amazingly well with our entire dinner. Lastly, service was perfect! Friendly and knowledgeable servers really capped off the experience, we'll be back!	 0
Quote from my Spanish friend:"The real Spanish food in Berkeley, not only the food but also the style and atmosphere". My friend and I came here with very high expectation and it did not let me down!  The entire restaurant was very cozy, with a bar which served all different kinds of drinks. I was not very familiar with Spanish food. Therefore I ordered several plates of Tapas and went ahead with a Paella dish. I was surprised to see all different kinds of tapas and was having a hard time making decisions. In the end I went straight with PIQUILLOS RELLENOS and PULPO Y GARBANZOS, both of which I highly recommended. The Tapas did not only have a very good taste but also an amazing appearance. PIQUILLOS RELLENOS: goat cheese inside a green pepper, very smart and interesting combination. It captured both the freshness of pepper and the richness of goat cheese. PULPO Y GARBANZOS: a brand-new experience. I have never tried slow-cooked octopus. It was great in terms of melting texture, instead of the general tender texture, and flavor with peppers and onions.  The Paella was a killer. We had PAELLA VALENCIANA, which is the traditional Paella with rabbit meat. The appearance was still amazing, more like an art work. The rice was very well-cooked, as all the juices have saturated the rice and made it super tasty (my friend thought it was oversalty and I thought it was just the right saltiness). Other materials like the rabbit meat are plenty and perfectly mixed with the rice. Although we paid somehow a lot for this dinner, I am ultimately satisfied with everything we have tried that night.  Last but not least, I have mentioned its friendly, 'Spanish-styled' service. We went there at 6 without a reservation. Apparently we did not have a clue how popular this restaurant is and was informed that there wont be seats until 9. We left, and about half a block away from the restaurant, the waitress ran to us and tell us that some one just canceled their reservation and we can be seated right now. I was surprised that how much they care about their customers and it is obvious that they could have just filled up their seats with other people within 10mins but they still went out and reached us. And during the meal, the waitress has patiently explained everything we had questions about. Will definitely come back!	 0
No words. Yum yum yum. Nom nom nom.  Do it. Do it. Do it.  Tasty. Unique. Beautiful. I have been wanting to try this for a while now and finally made it. Worth the trip from Sacramento to indulge.  Loved it!	 0
I love burgers so much that I have one as a part of a tattoo on my body. I only wish I had found this place before I moved away because it is THE most delicious burger I have found in the bay area.   It's a small and unassuming place with not much seating, but I highly recommend you seek it out and get the burger. I miss it so much.	 0
It's just a BBQ joint now. Brisket sandwich was...very dry. Ordered to go and got the sandwich without the BBQ sauce that was supposed to come with it. Flavor wasn't there at all, the sauce would have made it a little better. Also had the brisket pieces by themselves and it's either a hit or miss for me. Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're not.  They used to have daily specials and a pretty nice regular menu.  I liked their roast beef or turkey sandwiches on house bread, one of their salads, or other special menu items such as the pork steam buns. They use to keep it interesting. Now I's rather just go elsewhere.	 1
I used to love this place, especially because they are next to a spot that's got so many great beers on tap. But tonight, all I ordered was fries. I didn't expect a lot, but not burnt ones. What happened? Plus, they only have two salad options. I'm now gluten-free and even the sandwiches seem uninteresting, even though I am bread deprived!!! My friend also ordered fries and her whole basket was burnt.	 1
Smoked cole slaw...thank you God for blessing me with the experience.  I've never had it before and my only problem is that I didn't order a bigger size.  Pulled pork sandwich was redonkulous.  Perfectly balanced with coleslaw (which I believe was also smokey cole slaw).  Pork seasoned to a crusty sensation.  Mmmm.  This is a "go to" place.    About to dive into their wings if my girl keeps talking to her friend.  I bought them for her.  I'm afraid if I have one there will be none left.   ssssssssssssSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSMOOOOOOOOOOOKIN'	 0
Just great!  Order your lunch, go have a beer, eat the best BBQ on the island, have another beer...go back to work ready for bed!  So yummy...and yes blueberries on burgers is how they were meant to be!	 0
Cool little restaurant, and Alameda a great refuge from the summer heat. Park street is like a step back in time with a cool bay breeze. Even if this wasn't such a great restaurant the location of it alone would make this a desirable destination.  I come in and am greeted and given friendly help in choosing something. I need help because there are lots of good options. I go for the burger they are known for - blu cheese, blueberry sauce, black pepper crusted beef burger. I am told that I can sit outside or at bar (Lucky 13) next door. I choose outdoor seating as its a nice day and I know there is no way I can sit in a bar and not have one or two beeeers. Alameda cops are one of my worst fears (consider stopping for both yellow and deep green lights and have one beer and wait 4 hours). Be on the safe side. Police here are bored because they have little to do.  7pm and shady outdoor seating although empty on my way in fills up quickly. As I wait seated near the corner of park and Encineal I watch some foot traffic. I hear a hipster on a bike stop at the intersection with his squeeky brakes.   No coke or Pepsi here. Qwerky Alameda Point craft soda served. Lemon lime soda a distinct flavor a bit different in a good way. I sip my drink... and then comes my beautiful burger. Im greeted by name and its dropped off. It was a show stopper. People on the street point and talk about it and it attracted at least one patron to wander in.  As I eat I feel like a little piggy. Not just because its getting all over the place but because its so good. Unexpectedly good. Incredible flavor from the generously pepper crusted beef, sweetness from just the right amount of blueberry sauce, the blue cheese.. .  and a bit of bitterness from the greens, nope not ice burg. Bacon sticking out in every direction.  I finish, my plate is quickly cleared and am offered a refill. Excellent service. Perfectly prepared. Great value. I will be back. I think you should go too. Live life on the edge.... go crazy... order a burger with blueberries and live a little. I bet you'll like it.  Tips:  *If you come from far away come here on the first friday of the month for the Oakland art walk downtown. I enjoyed it after on 6/3/16 and its just a short trip away. *For dessert you can't go wrong with Tuckers ice cream or Crispian Bakery nearby. Tuckers cool atmosphere and good hours. Crispian Bakery - home to the best almond croissant I've ever had. Check hours though. Properly wait out that one beer at either location. *Scolaries at the Point might also interest you. Slightly smaller menu - no blueberry burger - but awesome skyline view of San Francisco and can be enjoyed with wine from the winery next door.	 0
Use to be one of the best restaurants in the east bay. Now just an overpriced average tasting BBQ joint.   Old menu had new, fresh and creative items that changed with the seasons. Use to be one of my go to stops every month(2-3 times) when I was in town.   Anyone who experienced the old Scolari's wouldn't be very happy with the new one. Sorry, I won't be back anytime soon....	 1
It's hard traveling with kids when they want hamburgers and I want something actually tasty. This place was the right choice for us. The place is small but luckily we were able to get seats at the counter. The boys had traditional cheeseburgers and I had the special blueberry, bacon, blue burger plated over salad since I didn't want to eat too heavy. I am not a fan of fruit on my food but the flavor of the blueberrys was amazing. I ate the entire plate!! We also ordered regular fries and garlic fries. Got were perfectly cooked. The garlic fries were a meal in themselves and made me realize it was a good idea I skipped the bun. Will definitely come again without my kids to try some BBQ and enjoy the bar next door.	 0
Used to be one of the highlights in Alameda. Their stromboli, salads, fries were all excellent and they always had really interesting specials that were more elegant than just average bar food (we always ate at Lucky 13 next door).  But they just changed up their entire menu. The same owner had tried to open a BBQ place called Boyd's up Park a ways, which failed or never even opened. So they decided to replace the entire, beloved Scolari's menu with the completely untested BBQ dishes. No more stromboli, no more interesting specials. We got a plastic cup with average pulled pork and sub-par (heavy on the flour) mac 'n cheese in it. They traded their renowned strombolis for this cup of garbage? Yikes...	 1
Another update! I absolutely love visiting Scolaris at Rockwall. Go, go, go! For lunch, to entertain, to munch away the cramps during that time of the month. For whatever reason, Scolaris will fill you up right! So good. My latest obsession is the falafel burger. It's like dying and waking up to 72 virgins. Seriously. Heaven. In. Your. Mouth.	 0
This place might not look like much from the outside, but once I got inside, I was greeted by the cashier. I came here with a coworker around 9:30 pm and the place was still a little busy. The cashier was very nice & even the cooks in the kitchen were friendly too. This was my first time at this location so I was eager to try the food. I ended up ordering the classic cheeseburger and scampi fries. The burger was amazing. I love myself a good burger that's medium rare and this definitely hit the spot. I'm not from Alameda so I was a little skeptical about trying a place I had never been to. The scampi fries weren't too bad. I'm not a fan of fries with the skin on them since it tends to make the fries taste bitter, but nonetheless the fries were good.   The nice thing is that they can also deliver to you if you are at the Lucky 13 bar next door. Having had tried this location made my trip out to Alameda worth it! Nothing hits the spot better than a burger and fries!	 0
This review is really late since I've eaten here probably more than 10 times already.  Best burger in Alameda! Love this place a lot! With all the competition (smash burger and habit), this place is still my favorite for a good cheeseburger.  The burger is cooked a juicy medium and the veggies are fresh as can be.  The house cut fries are delicious and addicting.  If you want a sandwich, get the BAT with its bacon and arugula.  Good combo of greasy meets fresh! The scampi chicken Wings were good also, fresh garlic and spices, crispy and with moist meat. The zeppoles were good but nothing special.    I like how they have more outdoor seating for such a small place.  seems like this place serves the food for the bar next door.   Definitely should go here if in town, you won't be disappointed.  Oh its open really late too.	 0
Hello!  I'm from Reno and come to Oakland/San Francisco/Berkeley a lot! I met up with some friends and we decided to come here and eat!   I'd call in and get a reservation because it does get really crowded!   I cannot say how amazing it was! The food and service was fabulous! We had so much because everything just looked tasty on the menu! The dessert are to die for, especially the churros because you kinda feel like you are in Disneyland!  I would recommend this place to anyone who loves food and loved small plate meals! The Dungeness Crab, Baby Back Ribs, and Bravos (potatoes) were the best dishes! Try them!   Request NIKA because she was the best waitress!	 0
I checked out la marcha for the first time at a yelp elite event.  I was so impressed by the staff, owner, and food that we have returned multiple times since.    Sangria Sundays!  Order a pitcher of sangria, get 5 tapas for free.  Boom.    The food is excellent.  Squid ink paella is a must...probably one of the best in the bay area.  Flavor profiles are on point.  I've had pretty much every tapa that they offer.  I wasn't disappointed in any of them.  Make a reservation on opentable and you're set.  They have definitely picked up business.  Without a reservation, there may be a wait depending on the time of day.	 0
Very hip, vey California casual, at the same time up scale and avant guard for basic Tapas and Spanish fare. Creative menu, cool vibe ( although the music didn't happen til 3/4 way through the meal.  I wish the place was bigger. Felt cramped. Decor very modern and comforting.   Only criticism of the squid paella, was not enough protein, (stingy on the very tasty sausage).  If I worked or lived in the immediate area, i would definitely start my evening with a tapas or two and a glass of Sangria.	 0
Food is 5 stars, service and a tight dining area knock off half a star, so I read this as a 4.5/5 I'm glad I was able to make reservations, as we were seated immediately upon arrival. We were given waters and menus, then were kind of ignored for little while longer than expected. We had already decided all courses by the time the waitress arrived (though we watched 2 waitresses and the host walk by our table repeatedly) We chose this place because it was the rare Spanis restaurant that had a variety of vegetarian options, perfect for my fiancee Food: stuffed peppers (piquillos rellenos), patatas bravas, and croquetas. I also had a murcilla sausage. Stuffed peppers were really good, the interplay (what a word!) of gamey goat cheese and soury peppers was perfect. Patatas bravas were decent, nice and crispy and the sauce had the right amount of pimenton in it. Croquetas were mushroom croquettes, which were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside, perfect. Murcilla came with some beans in a stew form, but was only half a sausage. For th e was good, a wide variety of vegetables and the perfect pop of salt. This was a huge dish and will probably feed us for days to come. I liked the touch of purple cauliflower for extra color. Dessert- churros con chocolate. I think a great way to die would be to choke on a fresh churro. Kudos to the pastry chef Drinks- we also each had a sangria, which was really good and even had fresh mango! Unexpected treat.  In terms of the dining area, "cozy" is charitable. The waiter kept kicking my fiancee's purse on the ground, and one dude's butt was like right next to us as he sat down. We slid our table over a little bit.  Price is a little expensive but well worth it for a date night!	 0
Was tempted to give a star less because first dish- the octopus salad was chewy, under seasoned and oily- but had to give 5 stars because everything else was superb! Owner also came out to take octopus off bill and explained that he had 86'd the dish for the night.   Seafood risotto in broth was bomb, fiance got the old school Sicilian anchovie/sardine/caper buccatini- pescetarian but tasted like meat sauce it was so rich.   The food here is very Sicilian, very salty, very special.   Oh, and the Panna Cotta is definitely the best I've ever had- not at all grainy, firm but not solid and velvety but not loose- perfect!	 0
This restaurant has some potential, but their current organization is a disaster. It literally ruined our dinner. We booked with OpenTable for 7:30 pm and problems started immediately when we entered the restaurant: a huge line of people were waiting, including people who had their reservation at 7... The waitress told us that she couldn't see our reservation in her system. I showed her the confirmation email, and she told us to wait... we finally had a spot at 8:15 pm (45 mins spent standing up in the lobby while we had booked at 7:30!!) and it was at the bar. One guy with 3 persons did a walk-in and had a table before us, which was truly scandalous. If you hadn't realized by then that they consider clients like morons, now things are clear ! I got my main dish 15 mins before they brought that of my girlfriend. Even at the McDonald's you can get your two McMeals at the same time. I had to complain again for her dish to be brought. The waiters tried to soften things a bit by bringing us a free dessert, but the entire experience was unpleasant and even the basic things weren't done (our water glasses remained empty and we had to ask every time for a refill...).   My advice: please fix your organization before welcoming customers. We are not crash dummies...	 1
I made a 7:30 reservation (through Yelp) about 2 hours in advance (which isn't a long time- but they took the res, so, hey). It was my birthday, so my boyfriend and I wanted to go somewhere "nice" for dinner before seeing a movie.   We get there, and the host says she doesn't have a res for me. She checks her Ipad again and says, "Oh! It just popped up!" How does that work? We decide to wait, because, obviously, no tables are free at that moment but it can't be that long, right? I'm offered a free glass of wine which is nice.   After 30 minutes I ask about our reservation, and she says we're next after a couple (who got there after us, but okay). More than 20 minutes later, she proceeds to seat FOUR GROUPS of people in front of us. We're now the only people waiting in the lobby. Then the owner/managers comes through a few minutes later, apologizing, saying "30 seconds! I'll have a table for you in 30 seconds!" Five or so minutes go by... we decide to leave. He comes running back, and there's actually a table (It's 8:30 now- a full hour after our reservation). He offers us a free glass of wine, but my boyfriend doesn't drink and I didn't want any more wine. Nice gesture, though.    We order appetizers and food, saying, please don't stagger it- we're starving. And the owner/manager tells us he'll put a rush order on the food. We get our appetizers in a few minutes- awesome! ..... And then an ENTIRE HOUR goes by and we ask if we can cancel our entrees, but suddenly they're ready. So we ask for them in boxes because we just want to leave at this point.   Then, we (and everyone else in the back room) can hear the owner/manager screaming at the kitchen staff. Using swear words, etc. About 30 shocked diners look to the kitchen. Umm... Not your kitchen staff's fault you don't know how to control the crowds coming in. It's not that my delicate ears are offended -- I genuinely felt terrible for those guys. It wasn't their fault. Also: all the servers seemed to be high school students. Oh man, what kind of environment is that for these kids?! I worked somewhere like that as a teenager (getting yelled at, etc.) and it's a really bad memory.   Finally, we get the bill and it's close to $70. A small discount would have been nice. A free appetizer maybe. But, no discount.   Obviously we missed the movie, and my birthday wasn't what I'd hoped (but hey, I'm 32, I'm not about to have a tantrum). But still, I cannot believe how terribly run that place is.  So, here's the thing:   Agrodolce, you desperately need to get rid of your online reservation system if you're not prepared to honor them. We weren't the only ones waiting with "reservations"-- we talked to other couples in the same boat. Just GET RID OF IT- problem solved.   Second, you need to stagger your seating, and leave tables empty until your kitchen can catch up-- clearly they can't keep up with the food orders coming in. People shouldn't be waiting that more than an hour for a simple bowl of pasta.  OR, you need to simplify your menu so that your kitchen staff is able to expedite the food-making process.   Finally, you have to turn more potential customers away or give them ACCURATE wait times. Yelling at your kitchen staff because of your inability to run the front of the house is unprofessional-- and unfair!	 1
We were very disappointed with our meal at Agrodolce Osteria.   We had reservations and were seated immediately. However, after being seated, we waited a long time for everything - for anyone to come over, for the food, to get our bill; we must've asked five times for the bill and each time, we waited about 10 minutes in between because they were so busy. Our food was OK, the issue i had was their meatball. Our side of meatball came out last (after the entrees), and it was not hot. the center of the meatball was still cold.... we sent it back but by the time they reheated it again, it was dry and not tasty.	 1
Amazing!! Authentic and tasty food. You may end up waiting to be seated here and there, but oh it's worth it!!! Highly recommended.	 0
Excellent food and service.  We came from NYC, are staying in San Francisco and drove out to Berkeley just to eat here.  Angelo (one of the owners) was great, friendly and treated us exceptionally well. Wait staff were friendly and attentive.  The egg plant capanata was delicious. The meatballs were great and the sauce was outstanding!   Overall excellent meal, service and atmosphere!  Highly recommended!	 0
The food, the ambiance, the service, the wine are all as good as it gets. This is a very rare experience with very authentic Italian food & wine, presented & delivered in a delightful, fun, and interesting way. If you do not go here, you are missing out on a tremendous culinary extravaganza.  My wife and I enjoyed a most memorable night here last night. Having been lucky enough to spend some time in Italy, this restaurant felt very true to the old country in many ways. There is warmth here in the service. It is more relaxed, and it's unfortunate that my fellow gastronaughts are frustrated and in such a big hurry to be seated, eat, and leave. Relax. This is a great spot to spend a couple hours. Take it in.  The wine list is superb and offers tremendous value. The servers know it very well, and are helpful and generous with their suggestions (and pours).   The food offered is excellent across the board, and reflects not only great Sicilian tradition, but also northern and central Italian dishes, so there truly is something for everyone here, no matter your taste.  I have to say, for such a new restaurant, they are hitting high marks on food and service. It is normal and expected for a new business to have a couple wrinkles to iron out. I sincerely hope the folks providing negative Yelp reviews would take that into consideration, and slow down, and recognize all the extremely wonderful execution of food, the great character and personality of the staff and servers, and know that waiting for good food is a reward in itself. Life moves fast. So, take a sip of wine, folks. Relax. This place is a gem.	 0
Actual people: very nice and helpful Wait time for food: literally ridiculous (in a bad way) Food: slightly below average, honestly. The olive oil mixture for the bread is great. I had lamb shank special and the flavors were good, not great, but the disappointing part was the lack of tenderness. The meat should fall off the bone quite easily. The arugula salad was bad and watery.	 1
What can I say? Walid was our server he was attentive, sweet, offered fantastic suggestion and very accommodating! The owner came out to welcome us upon our arrival - which was totally unexpected but very welcomed. The place is small and intimate with a fantastic rustic feel :) The appetizers were amazing. I had an eggplant dish served cold, and my friend had an eggplant fried dish with mozzarella- amazing!!!! The bread served with olive oil is no ordinary dip/ bread! Everything here is organic, and fresh and wild caught! I think I'm in love! Come sit, bring your family and enjoy, they'll make you feel like family :)	 0
Our server was Walid, and he offered wonderful service and suggestions. I have been to this restaurant on three separate occasions. Each time, my experience improves upon itself. The service was impeccable! We ordered the fried eggplant, the chilled eggplant, the bread with the olive oil to dip had amazing flavor. I wish I had the recipe! For my entree, I ordered the ragu pasta, which reminds me of my grandmothers recipe. It takes me back to when I was a child (I grew up in an Italian household). For dessert, I had the flowerless chocolate cake, which is a chocolate explosion. The prices are fair and reasonable for the Berkeley area. The service was excellent. The atmosphere was cozy, as we sat next to the fire place on a lovely rainy evening. BTW, the lemonchello is to die for! Thank you for another excellent experience at Agrodolce Osteria!   -Gina	 0
My husband also wrote a review of our "date night", and I think he was being charitable with his 2-stars. I'd go so far as asking this restaurant to reimburse our sitter costs for the night, the experience was so bad. Like he said, we get a night out once a month together, so a little hiccup we can handle, but a total catastrophe really affects us negatively.  They didn't honor our reservation and admitted they had over-booked. The bar where they sat us is WAAAAY too high to also serve as a dining surface unless you are over 6 feet tall. We told them immediately upon sitting that we had movie tickets and they said no problem, we'll expedite your order. Well, even with expediting our food didn't arrive within the hour. We did get our salad, which was totally disgusting. The dressing tasted like watered down tahini and there were gross tasting rock hard chick peas in the salad.    Long story short: did not honor reservation, uncomfortable seating, disgusting salad, ridiculously slow kitchen. Then they tried to charge us on our way out. Yeah...I don't think so.	 1
Bad food, overpriced. Then, AFTER the bill arrives, they claim the credit card machine is broken, and send you to the back of the restaurant, to the "convenient" cash machine. Won't return, ever.	 1
Bring an extra pair of undies (if you wear em) cos the food is WET YOUR PANTS GOODDefinitely expect food sweats when eating. The place looks amazing, exposed brick and wood beams, family pictures makes the place feel warm and inviting. Thank you to Andy our server, Jill and Katie ( hostess') for helping our friends find seats near us as well as the cooks and the D'alo family for making it very hard to leave the place. Stop reading this and just go!!!   *it helps if you make a reservation, they fill up quickly.	 0
We had a 7:30 reservation for a party of 4 and arrived at 7:40 to an entrance packed with a dozen people. We made our way to the host station and were told they were running late (so were we, so not a problem). Host suggested we order a glass of wine and each of us did.  Ten minutes and no wine later I went back up and learned they were waiting for glassware to be cleaned. At the moment the host was sharing this, a male employee who seemed to be in charge walked up and said to the host about another patron, "that guy is a complete d**k!" He saw me then apologized. I wasn't offended. He asked what wine I wanted and I repeated it again. And again. He eventually poured the first 3 glasses. As he was opening the bottle to pour the fourth glass the cork broke in half, so he used his teeth to remove the cork from the bottle. It was ok - that fourth glass of wine was for me and we had just bonded over "the d**k" so the spittle from his lips on top of the bottle from which he just poured my wine was hardly a thing.  Our group stood in the restaurant foyer and chatted. The clocked ticked by. 30 minutes. 45 minutes. I asked about the wait. Hubby asked about the wait. We were repeatedly told "any minute."After waiting an hour my better half braved the rain and ran down the street to Corso to see if we could squeeze in and were told they were full up with reservations. Makes sense.  Meanwhile we noticed people who came in behind us at Agrodolce were getting seated.   At about this time Mr. Wine Cork came over and apologized, saying our table was almost ready. He offered everyone a glass of Sangiovese and poured their cheapest for the 3 interested members of our group. At 75 minutes he came and apologized again, this time with another employee. Apparently people at the table where they planned to seat us were busy having a good time and reluctant to leave.   Shortly after 9pm - after we had been standing in the entrance for an hour and a half with no place else to go and very hungry guests in front of us -- the host walked us to a table. En route Mr. Wine Cork shouted, "that wine is just the beginning of what I'm going to do for you." I should have suspected foreshadowing.  Finally we were seated! We asked for water. The waitperson also offered bread, which never arrived.  A successful dining experience is also about the food, right? The food at Agrodolce is good, really good. We ordered:  1. Frittura Misto - an amazing mix of seafood and artichoke sliced so thin and lightly battered, then served over greens with aioli on the side.  2. Sicilian Meatballs  3. Caprese salad - bland tomatoes 4. Salsiccia Nostrana (the sausage wheel) - Everyone else at the table loved the sausage wheel. I really liked the presentation, polenta and red peppers. 5. Orecchiette pasta - delicious and possibly the most tender little pasta wings I've ever eaten. 6. Pork - again, amazing. 7. Broccolini rabe  If I were going back I'd get the frittura misto, orecchiette and pork in a heartbeat. But as noted above, a successful dining experience is only part food. Patrons need a good experience as well. Agrodolce failed, delivering great food wrapped inside sloppy treatment, shoddy service, lack of awareness and a dismissive attitude toward waiting (and waiting, and waiting...) patrons.  If you're still with me: here's the finale. Remember Mr. Wine Cork, who said, "that wine is just the beginning of what I'm going to do for you?" It turns out that was exactly what he did for us. He removed the charge for 3 glasses of wine that he insisted on pouring us. That's it. If he reads this, he may also insist that he delivered one dessert - as we were about to leave and in spite of my telling him repeatedly, "no thank you."  From the crowd there last night, it's clear Agrodolce doesn't need to worry about attracting or retaining customers.   That works for me.	 1
Just, yum.  Scolari's never disappoints.  Menu has small changes here and there, and always gets better.  They have some really great creative plates, that are always delicious.  You can enjoy your food in the restaurant or right out front, with limited seating, or get even more casual and order to have it delivered to Lucky 13 next door.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.	 0
I placed an order for pick-up for a char siu chicken burger and a brisket sandwich. I was very disappointed in what I received. When I brought it home, the sandwiches were cold and soggy. I don't know if it was because I ordered to-go, but I would not recommend it. Not only that but they are overpriced and don't come with any sides.	 1
If I could give 10 stars I would! This place is amazing in every way.  The food? Amazing.  The service? Amazing. The drinks? Amazing  The Chef/owner has greeted our table EVERY time we've been here. Love this place.  Would recommend 100%	 0
Last night my wife Lora and I visited Trabocco once again.  This is a great experience in dining. The service is top notch, with quality servers and speed in delivery.  No matter when or what time we attend, it is always extremely busy.  And, the service is always the same.  I ask for a special dish, not on the menu, which I've requested many times,, pene putinesca  It is to die for!! The master chef/owner greets everyone with a great positive smile and sincere apprecitation for your business.  If you like the finer dining in the San Fancisco restruants, why leave the Island of Alameda, where the parking is simple at the shopping center, and you get the atmosphere and quality food compared to the Califoria's  finest.	 0
I'm going to say that it's worth going to Alameda from the city to visit Trabocco. Especially if you're going to combine it with a trip to some favorite stores....TJ Maxx, Trader Joe's, Bed Bath & Beyond...  But back to the food at Trabocco. We had a lovely lunch yesterday, starting out with various bruschetta, then a bean & farro soup with roast pork (kind of the best take on minestrone you're going to find anywhere), pumpkin agnolotti (ravioli), and for dessert tiramisu.   All delicious and the service was excellent and attentive. We will definitely return!	 0
Tucked away in the middle of the South Shore Center sits a slice of Italy known as Trabocco Kitchen and Cocktails. Enter through the doors and you are greeted by owner and chef Giuseppe Naccarelli a native of the Abruzzo region of Italy. The big open kitchen is inviting and gives you the feel of being in Giuseppe's home. He is outgoing and warm with every guest and all that enter feel as if they are the most special person in the restaurant. Seating is spacious with 4 large booths, numerous tables and a very large bar and patio. They even have seating bar style in front of the open kitchen in which you can interact with kitchen staff. Both still and sparkling water is offered and crunchy bread is delivered to the table with EVOO and balsamic vinegar for dipping. Specials are announced in which my wife and I both chose to start with a cup of the mushroom cauliflower soup. This vegan dish has no dairy and is w/o meat. The combination works and the dish satisfies us both and is priced at only $4.00 for a large cup. For our lunch entree my wife orders the Insalata Ruchetta. This salad was a work of art, thinly sliced Russo Bruno Tomatoes, shallots, arugula, black olives topped with shaved ricotta salata cheese. It was delicious and only priced at $9.00. I opted for the lunch special tuna insalata. It is poached ahi tuna mixed with mayo, capers and sits on a spring mix with tomatoes, hard boiled egg and crispy bread. The salad is dressed with a nice vinaigrette and satisfies even the biggest appetite. The special was priced at $16.00 and I felt it was worth every penny.   Trabocco is a world class establishment that eventually will display a Michelan Star. Service, ambiance, creativity, price and quality earns Trabocco a 5 star rating. Woohoo! as good as it gets!	 0
Who knew there was a fine dining italian restaurant in the South Shore Center? definitely not I. Frankly, I've been a little disappointed with the foodie scene in Alameda lately until I tried Trabocco I mean, is there anything this restaurant does not excel at? Once we walked in we were greeted by two hostess and was taken to our seats without a wait as it was bairly dinner time and as we were escorted to our table the head chef was talking over with the servers about the specials of the night was (straight out of the movies with a motivating, "lets have fun and have our diners have fun too").   The service we had was amazing from start to finish during our dining experience. We were promptly told about the large list of special entrees of the evening and answered any questions we had, he was very attentive and checked on us regularly. What i also liked about the staff is, during the slow time of the dining experience, instead of disappearing on the diners of the restaurant they would hang back near the kitchen and watch over their tables being easily accessible for diners to grab someone in an instance.   The quality of the food was fabulous and it kind of made me want to go back to Italy as the food tasted pretty authentic to it's origins. We ordered the beef carpaccio, Cristina pizza, Squid Ink Seafood Risotto, two Milan Mules and a Old Fashion. The beef capriccio was executed simply and perfectly with fresh arugula,  parmesan cheese and lemon. The Squid Ink Risotto and Cristina pizza was the perfect blend of ingredients that complemented each other with every bite you take.  The Milan Mule is Trabocco's version of Moscow Mule a bit more citrusy than the later but very welcoming. The Old Fashion was simple and tasted amazing and just about all their cocktails are priced at $11.00. At the end of our meal, my partner and I questioned how this place can be so perfect? But we laughed it off and enjoyed our perfect dining experience. I can't wait to come back and try the other dishes they have to offer.	 0
Fantastic, the service is wonderful and the food is delicious. The pizza is really good.	 0
My favorite restaurant Italian food like the taste of delicious food from a professional chef as well. Great food and great service. Love to come here again	 0
Tonight was the first time I have been to Trabocco Kitchen on "The Island".  Alameda is a great place with tons of food spots and this is now one I will come back to for sure.  When I first drove up I noticed in was as shopping center and I thought "oh crap, it's a mall restaurant, but it was not a mall restaurant at all.  Great vibe walking in, nice outdoor seating if you wish. I was greeted by the hostess and everyone working there seemed happy to be there.  The chef was out front briefly and said hello and then we were seated at our table.  We had some drinks which were good (Mojito for me ). Not too much Rum, lots of mint, tasted great. They have a lot of signature cocktails and full bar so whatever you want, they have it.  We had the burrata appetizer which was great on extremely fresh black pearl or black krim tomatoes drizzled with olive oil. It was very good.  We also had some bruschetta with really fresh tomatoes on some great sourdough bread slices with olive oil.   They also serve fresh sourdough with balsamic vinegar.  For the main course we all had different items.  Several had fish dishes (salmon and mahi) and everyone said it was great.  I had the half duck special rotisserie of the day and I am glad I ordered it.  The presentation of the duck was nice, great color, and the skin was perfectly crisp with just enough fat under the skin to add great flavor, and not overly fatty.  The quality of the duck was great and it was a very nice sized 1/2 duck with a lot of meat.  Very tender and moist (see photos).  The sauce on the duck was slightly sweet which I like and it was served with spinach sautéed in garlic and soft creamy polenta which was really good. Several of us had the polenta and really thought they did a good job on it.    For dessert we shared the pumpkin creme brule which was very tasty but a little soft for my liking (this is purely personal preference and I like more of a thicker custard but no fault in the flavor at all). Great pumpkin taste and it's not often you find pumpkin creme brule. Tasted just like pumpkin pie and custard.  The tiramisu was light and airy and was excellent as was their chocolate flourless cake which was the clear winner to me.  Many flourless cakes I find are overly dry, extremely dense and just too much when it comes to richness.  This one was great. Very moist with almost a thick mousse consistency (very thick) but creamy, did not fall apart and was just slightly sweeter than a typical dark chocolate flourless which I happen to like.  Cappuccino was done well, hot, lots of foam and the espresso was good and not bitter. There was so much on the menu and probably 6 or 7 specials not on the menu which our server informed us about that it was almost too much to consider as they all sounded great.  This is a place you can go back to and never have the same thing twice considering all the specials they do each day.  They always have a fresh fish dish and tonight was Brazzino.  They have some really good looking dishes I saw served to other tables so I can't wait to bring some other folks back here to try it out for round two.  Cudo's to our server. She was fantastic, knew all the specials inside and out, had a lot of recommendations, and didn't rush us at all through the drinks and dinner.    Normally a place like this would get 4 stars from me, but from the greeting at the door, to the great service, to the wide variety of fresh specials, to the food, to everyone saying goodbye and thanking us when we left, you really felt appreciated and it didn't feel fake.  This didn't feel like a dine and dash, but more of a modernized Italian style restaurant (without gaudy decorations) with some great Italian dishes and a whole lot more for those who aren't in the mood for Italian  I'll be back.  5 stars.	 0
This restaurant has so much potential and I have no doubt all the 4- and 5-star reviews represent genuinely great dining experiences from other reviewers.  Ours however was not.    To set the stage my wife and I have a toddler at home and only get to hire a sitter and go on 'date night' once a month.  And while we understand all restaurants have off nights the problems we experienced were preventable.  When we arrived (5 minutes late, to be fair) our reservation had been given away!  We had to sit at the bar.  It was too high for my wife and she jokingly said she had to eat like a T-Rex (with their little arms high up).  This was far from ideal and we were peeved they had given our table away but elected to make the best of it.  The staff was friendly and tried to make up for the situation.  However they were clearly overwhelmed by how many patrons there were. We were on the clock to get out in time for a movie. We arrived at 6:10pm, got our salad at 6:50, and by 7:10 when our entrees had still not arrived we had to leave for the movie and cancel our order. We had mentioned to the staff several times about our time constraints. So... dinner ended up consisting of a bucket of popcorn and an Icee, yuck.  I know this place is new and I have every expectation given another year they will have ironed out all the kinks.  But for now I think it's worth being hesitant about going here if you're on a date with a movie afterward.	 1
Attracted to AgroDolce for the Sicilian connection . We celebrated my birthday and had 11 family members. The staff, Frachesco, Migule,Angelo and Willi were most cordial, helpful and user friendly.  The children were served before the adults, as it should be. The sauces were on point to my Sicilian tastes as well as the pastas...Norma, Clams, Ravioli excellent... meatballs , as good as my Nanna. Definitely a saver... enjoy Sicily in Berkeley !	 0
I usually give 3-4 stars, but i wanted to give this place 5.   The place is very cold.....not good.  The phone was busy (voicemail) but they were open.   $20 share deal was great for a couple like us. We got to try all kinds of food. The service was good especially the small caucasion guy.    Definitely give it a try.   Please make the restaurant warmer.....	 0
New-ish burmese place opened up in Berkeley! I was really excited and decided to give it a try, on one occasion went and they weren't full but I was made to wait and in the end gave up and came back since they told me 5 minutes but it was 20 minutes+ wait. Anyways, on my second try I was extremely underwhelmed by the food, which was really sad since this place is really conveniently located (unlike other Burmese options in the area).   I tried their 2-3 person platter with fish and chicken curry, their tea leaf salad, and their faluda dessert. Their salad and platter were extremely salty - it was pretty hard to eat even with the rice that they give. Ended up eating mostly the rice and the greens since the curries were salty and lacked real strong flavors. I really did like the ginger salad though, it was the highlight of the meal but even it was salty. The tea leaf salad was extremely dissapointing, compared to other places their tea leaf salad fell extremely short - it was salty and lacked the differentiation between the different flavor and texture profiles that a good salad should have. The faluda was way too sweet for my liking, but I realize that is what a lot of people like - I did enjoy the fact that they had traditional desserts though!   I think their variety in their menu is great also the prices are really cheap for how much food you get, but with that being said the quality is not the best and everything is just so darn salty! It didn't help that they never gave me water or filled it when I got my own cup in the end.   Service was bad, food was too salty, definitely not worth the wait - seems at the moment to be overhyped is all. I would order takeout for the ginger salad in the future which was the only dish that I thought was really delicious!	 1
I was in town on business, and on a walk, I spotted this place just north of all the construction downtown. I got unreasonably excited, as Burmese food and street food are, separately, two of my favorite things, and promptly talked some colleagues into eating here with me.  Sorry, colleagues!  Tharaphu committed what in my mind were two capital offenses against tea leaf salad. The first of these was having but a scant portion of tea leaves scattered amongst huge piles of cabbage. The second was warning me about the presence of fish sauce and dried shrimp in the salad, then having neither be detectable. The combination of these two offenses resulted in a vaguely sour cabbage salad. Boo.  The fried yellow tofu was vaguely mushy with not much flavor or crunch.  I did, however, enjoy my Golden Mountain Noodles: thick and wheaty, cradled in warm coconutty broth, studded with tender chicken, underscored with a slow-burning red chili oil.  I submit that, so far, this menu looks MUCH better than it tastes - to look at it, I really expected a ton of flavors I'd never tried before, since it was full of dishes I'd never heard of before. If I lived in the area I would probably go back to take an adventure down the specialty noodles side of the menu, and maybe for the milkfish curry as well, but only because the prices are so low it's worth a shot.	 1
DELICIOUS, UNIQUE, AFFORDABLE. I've dined at 2 highly rated Burmese restaurants in the Bay Area and I think I actually liked this one better (and it's half the price of the others)! The service is super friendly and attentive too.   We stopped in at 6:45pm on a Friday night and got seated right away. By 7pm there was a wait to be seated. A huge contrast from Bobo Drinks, the restaurant that was here before.   FOOD:   1. Golden mountain noodle: 5/5 Absolutely delicious. Meat was well cooked, noodles were wonderfully soft, and the sauce was unique and delicious. It tastes kind of sweet at first but is also savory.  2. Shan noodle soup: 4/5 My partner described it as better than a Thai soup, but still not better than pho. The broth is tasty and unique tasting. It comes with a side of chicharrones and sour pickles, which was nice.   3. Ice cream (free with Yelp check in): 4/5  Odd to say, but this was the best green tea ice cream I've ever had. Super smooth and scrumptious.   Will come back again.	 0
On my way out of Berkeley when this cute little restaurant caught my eye. My friends and I have been trying to find a Burmese restaurant for a while and this place looked promising, so we decided to give it a try!  First off, the owner is such a sweetheart! We came less than an hour before closing and she was still super accommodating and made conversation with everyone at the restaurant. People like that are what keeps a business going, which is why this is a 5 star review instead of 4.  The food is extremely well priced as well. Most dishes are under $10, significantly cheaper and much less crowded than other Burmese restaurants in the bay, without sacrificing the quality of the food. So next time, skip the line at Burma superstar and come straight to here!  We ordered the curry noodles, garlic noodles with chicken, and tea leaf salad.  Curry noodles (4/5) Amazing creamy broth! The flavors were super bomb in this dish. My only complaint is that the noodles were a bit soft for my personal preference, but nonetheless really good.  Garlic noodles (5/5) Not your conventional garlic noodle dish which is usually buttery or too oily. I normally don't like garlic noodles, so I wasn't looking forward to this when my friend ordered it, but this restaurant makes garlic noodles in such an unique and delicious way! They use thick flour noodles and deep fried garlic, so the flavor is more of a fried garlic rather than being super drenched in butter and oil. This ended up being my favorite dish of the evening and will definitely be back for more of it! We added chicken in this and the chicken was super tender!  Tea leaf salad (4/5) I love tea leaf salads! The tea leaf salad here has super authentic and strong flavors, which may take some getting used to. Great crunch and textures from the different ingredients! Note that there are some jalapeños in there, so expect a kick!   Great service, great food, and unbeatable prices (which I pray won't change!), what more can one ask for?! Looking forward to coming back and trying their appetizers next time. Don't forget to check in for some ice cream as well!	 0
Loved it! We can't wait to come back again.  I've tried two other Burmese restaurants  Burma Superstar and Grocery Cafe. Both were just ok in my opinion. The owner at Grocery Cafe is so nice, I hate writing something negative but the flavor was lacking. I wasn't excited to come back.   We had the family platter. Although the beef curry was not as tender as it should be, the flavor was yummy. Chicken curry had a strong smoky flavor but I liked the sauce. Even with these two complaints, I want to come again.  Golden Mountain Noodles - so good.  Ginger Leaf salad - nice kick from the ginger, just the way I like it.  Plan to eat through the menu so we'll know what our favorite dishes will be.	 0
Friday night, 6:20ish pm, walked straight to the counter to order. We got a tea leaf salad and the scissor noodle dish, also got a table right away, so far so good.   6:50pm - got glasses of water and asked for an update on our order (more on that below)  7:00pm - tea leaf salad arrives. It's pretty meh and lacks most of the flavors (and crunch!) I associate with tea leaf salad  7:05pm - ask for plates  7:18pm - ask for plates again and finally get plates. Still waiting for noodle dish...  7:22pm - still no food yet and we've been waiting an hour...  7:30pm - no food, and unfortunately for the first time in my life I asked for my money back.    To top it all off, the waitress was very rude, we asked her to check on our order 30m in and she snappily replied back, "like I told you, there's 30 tickets in the kitchen right now" THANKS. We got this comment the first time we asked her to check in...	 1
great food and the sweetest people in the world. Had a lovely chat with the owner who had her two adorable children at the restaurant that we're very well behaved. Good tasty an affordable. I enjoyed the tea tree salad and a chicken curry	 0
Super-awesome pizzas.  Their pizza is so good that I don't mind driving 1 hour to this place every other week. There is  long queue but it moves fast enough and worth the wait.  Make sure you try the green sauce which is a great taste enhancer. I wish this was a food chain with more eatouts like this near my home..	 0
I TRIED SO MANY TIMES TO COME. WHY ARE YOU ALWAYS CLOSED.  But then I finally got in. It was random - I was heading to Gregoire's on my typical norcal sweet spot, then realized I had the option to come here. But what would the pizza flavor be?  I'm not going to comment on the flavor itself, since it changes every freaking day (or week?), but damn. THIS IS SOME GOOD PIZZA HERE FOLKS. Seriously. I ordered two slices and a black tea (tired and had some driving to do to get to Napa), and the guy for some reason decided to just give me three (one was a baby slice). Much appreciated!  There's bathrooms, free drinking water, not too bad of a line, enough seating, and the food oh my the food! And there was a live band.  There's so much good food on this street that making a selection is sooo difficult when I visit the bay: Joshu-ya, Gregoire's, and now, Cheese Board. I can't even fathom why people go to the Whole Foods next door (and I love that place too).	 0
Let's cut to the cheese - the pizza is LEGIT BOMB. Cheeseboard sells one type of vegetarian pizza a day, and despite the belief that everything tastes better with meat... there's a long line for this place. With a reason.  This place has been on my radar FOREVER... I remember hearing about it 8 years ago on the Food Network, and I finally got a chance to check out the hype. Came here at 11:30 on a Saturday and as suspected, there was already a line out the door past the hair salon. By the time we finished eating at at 1 pm, the line was past the cheese shop and going around the corner.  The line goes really fast since there's only one pizza to order and they have fresh pizzas ready as soon as a customer gets to the counter. We were given a fresh hot pizza as soon as we paid.  Today's pizza was a butterknut squash pizza with dino kale, a balsamic reduction, parsnip, comte cheese, and mozzarella. It as delicious! The butternut squash and kale went so well with the cheese, there was also a lot of it so you really got to taste it. The cheese was amazing... I haven no idea what comte cheese is, but it had this sharp, savory flavor that complimented the balsamic. And the crust! The crust was so good... I thought it was the best part, as it was buttery and crisp, but still had a nice soft and chewy texture inside.  I will admit, as far as vegetarian pizzas go... the best tasting vegetarian pizza I've had was the truffle mushroom pizza at Serious Pie in Seattle. This butternut squash + kale pizza comes a close second (I'll have to try Cheeseboard's other pizzas another day). But in terms of price and quantity, this place fairs better - when I went, it was $3 a slice, $11 for half a pizza, and $22 for a whole pizza. A our whole pizza was 8 slices + an additional 2 slices on top. It's the size of a typical medium Domino's pizza.  Not sure why anyone would just buy a slice when waiting in line. Unless you're by yourself, it's a much better deal to buy the whole or half pizza. Can't finish it? They have bags for taking it home... or you could offer it to the homeless folks around Berkely. Your choice.  They also have this delicious green salsa - not sure what it's made out of, but it seems like a lot of garlic, avocado, and some cilantro. Either way, it has a great garlic kick (think of La Vic's orange sauce, but more refreshing) and goes super well with the pizza. I loved dunking my crust in it! There's a pump inside to get small servings of it. You can also buy a take home tub for $4 - I think it would be great on fish tacos!  The only real problem with this place is that seating is SUPER limited... there are very little tables inside and very little outdoor seating. Both Cheeseboard's pizza and bakery are popular, so you'll be dealing with customers from both. You can opt to do take out (we saw people buying 3-5 boxes at a time) as the pizza is still delicious even when it's slightly cold. Otherwise you'll have to be really vigilant and fast on finding a seat. We opted to find a seat after getting a pizza, and luckily we managed to snag an outdoor table. It was fun eating the pizza and people watching.  The hype is real. Check this place out if you're ever in Berkeley!	 0
Best pizza for miles!  Fresh ingredients, creative combinations, healthy feel-good-about-your-life-choices afterglow. No walk of shame post-gorging, guaranteed.   Always served super quickly and hot because there's only one kind of pizza available daily - genius!   It's a co-op! Yay! Support them!  Maybe my timing is just really amazing, but every time I come here, I'm impressed by some really great live jazz.  I've got rhythm... I've got music... I've got cheeseboard... who could ask for anything more?	 0
I can see why this is everyone's favorite pizza joint in Berkeley! The pizza here is super affordable and that green chimichurri sauce is seriously on fire. I wish I bought a tub of that sauce so I can bring home to devour with my steak and rice.   Don't be discouraged by the long line, the wait goes by quick since they only offer one flavor a day, which makes the wait go by quicker. I came on a day where there was corn pizza and it was phenomenal. For a place that only serves vegetarian pizza, I was quite astonished and really recommend everyone giving this place a try.   I can't wait to come back to try their other pizza's! I'll be sure to purchase a tub of the addicting green sauce this time too.	 0
Alright, I'll admit it -  Cheese Board's pizza is pretty darn good.   I don't usually do vegetarian food and I don't know if I buy into collectives/coops in general.  I've heard about Cheese Board for a very long time but pizza is just not high on my list of must haves. The other day, we had a little bit of time to kill before our flight and my friend suggested getting some pizza from here.  We got half of a pizza that had squash, other veggies, and drizzled with balsamic. I was pretty impressed; I love balsamic on everything.  The mini slices that are "free" don't really make sense to me though. Why can't they just cut the slices a little bigger?	 0
I came here for the very first time just this past Saturday with my friend and her family. From the time we walked in saying hello to Giuseppe, the chef to the Host seating us at table, cozy by the fire all they way to our Server. It was all so fabulous. I love that there are vegetarian/vegan options. I had the gnocchi with mushroom and squash. It was de-lic-ious. I was overwhelmed with how amazing the this restaurant was and will definitely have to come back. I was so impressed with our Server, just the way he described each dish that was a special. Not to mention he checked up on us frequently. It was a lovely experience.	 0
I'm so glad I finally got to eat here. Their current hours are odd. I hope they change to 7 days a week soon.   In Scolari's style, the food is delicious! I wish they had at least one Mexican beer on the menu though...   It is slightly pricey. My wife and I got 5 tacos and chips and guacamole for $33. We got it to-go so we had drinks at home.   We will definitely be back.	 0
I am in fact a very big fan already. After seeing one restaurant bomb in this location and then one not even open up, I was super excited and surprised to walk by a fully up and running place after years!   The best way to describe it may be a hipster-ish Chipotle but with home-cooked vibes? I'm perfectly aware that every single Latino restaurant on the island has a cult following so it may take a while for people to warm up to even try it. It's a very open and welcoming space and smells great.  Luckily I wasn't hangry when I ordered so my brain was able to give its two cents. I ordered the al pastor bowl and a strawberry lime aqua frescas which ended up being the perfect dinner for me! Let me tell you about my bowl real quick. I'm kind of on a diet right now but how do you turn down "duck fat pinto beans"? In addition to that I believe my meat came with a pineapple pico de gallo which was just lovely. To top it off, my Spanish rice was great. Sure I'm only 1/4 Mexican, but my grandma and mom always made pretty good homemade Spanish rice so I like to think I know what a good batch tastes like.  So far, everyone was really polite and accommodating. The bonus for me was the font of the menu on the board, I'm a sucker for those details. I'll be back with friends for beer!	 0
This was my first time eating at the black bull since it opened and I got the Barbacoa burrito with a draft beer. The service was super friendly we ordered at the register and the girl in front was very knowledgeable in helping me decide what I wanted. We sat down and I thought it was super nice of the guy that brought us our food made sure that my beer was filled to the top and we got our food very quickly and he checked in on us to see if we needed anything more. I thought the food was delicious and savory. I know from the owners other restaurants that they use quality ingredients. On a side note the pico de gallo is very spicy or huge kick so of your not into that then I probably wouldn't get it in your burrito. Overall excellent food and really great service and employees :)	 0
GRAND OPENING! Tried the The Bull Tacos and they are fantastic. The atmosphere is chill  and folks greeted with smiles. Small business support in the neighborhood.	 0
Vegan (fried avocado) and vegetarian (fried sheep cheese) tacos did not disappoint!!! So flavorful and uniquely created. Also shared the cheesy black beans with guacamole! The black beans are vegan and so delicious!! Homemade chips were thick and crunchy! Spicy habanero salsa was a great addition to the meal. I had a malbec and the hubs had a faction. The staff all had smiles and were eager to serve. Overall fantastic experience, tho a little pricey $58 + tip for 6 delicious little tacos, bean dip, and 2 drinks. However, some organic items, and bay area cost of living probably effect this.	 0
$$$$ pricy. $4.50 it's a lot of for a Taco. I was excited about the place, but I am not sure if I will be back.	 1
Wow! We have been waiting for another Scolari's masterpiece and finally got to try this evening for date night. We had the pumpkin tostada, 4 different tacos, side of beans, chips and guac, and coconut lime aquas fresca (they also have a great selection of booze). It was all fresh, flavorful, and legit. Alameda needed a joint like this. We will be frequenting this place often...and can't wait to bring our kids back to order off the kids menu! Thanks Black Bull and Scolari's!!	 0
Tacos are too expensive for what you get. I understand the quality ingredients etc. The gentrification of street food is not cool. In Mexico there is high end cuisine that is more expensive, fancy ingredients and expensive cuts of meats but that is not what they are doing here. These are street tacos overly priced.	 1
We went opening night ...  it was great!  We tried many tacos, the corn and the burrito, chips and salsa  Tacos are very flavorful ... we did the Fried avocado, Al Pastor, Chicken fajita and 'The Bull' ... ummm all of them ,,, avocado and burrito are our veggie options!  Mike does it again! We'll be back	 0
We went here opening night, the tacos and appetizers were great. I think I could eat about 100 of the crunchy 'gringo' tacos! A great addition to Alameda! Looking forward to eating here more often. Yum!	 0
Fantastic!  Everything was delicious. We nearly tried every taco and it was challenging to find a favorite. The service, staff and environment were great.	 0
Great food, fresh and super tasty! .............   ...................  ............. ..... .... ... .. . .  .......  Mmmm Thank you guys!	 0
My favorite place to go on special occasions like birthdays is here. There is always a wait to be seated no matter what time of the day, but it is definitely well worth it.  I went the other day when I was sick and ordered the coconut chicken noodle soup to-go. To my surprise it was ready within minutes even with a long line of people waiting to be seated. When I got home I was so delighted to find that they separated all the parts of the soup so I can put them together and experience the freshness and crunchiness of the soup first hand.   Thanks Burma! Y'all rock.	 0
This place is sooooo good, there is a reason there is always a wait list. This was actually my first time trying this location. I actually did not know it was here until I was down the street at lucky 13 and pulled out my Yelp app when I was hungry.  Rainbow salad was epic we did a tofu dish that was very good as well! the third dish was some sort of friend noodles.  Almost everything on their menu is amazing.  The service was also VERY good. Extremely attentive service.	 0
This is my favorite of the three locations Burma has. You get more attentive service, less wait, and it's a nice excuse to head to Alameda. I have come here in large parties and parties of two and service is never compromised.   My favorite menu items are: paratha, samosas, rainbow salad, pumpkin curry with the coconut rice. Portions are generous. If you only have one option though I would say get the paratha and rainbow salad. The paratha bread is divine and the dip is ridiculously flavorful. The rainbow salad is probably my favorite salad anywhere. It is so popular that they now offer it to go.   If you've never tried Burmese food, you are in for a treat! So many flavors and influences in their food. This place is on my top 10 list of restaurants in East Bay I enjoy!	 0
This place definitely deserves all the high ratings it has racked up! We opted for this location versus the one in downtown San Francisco and there was still a wait but it was much shorter.   We were seated within ten minutes and brought some waters immediately. The menu is sizable but not overwhelming. We decided to try the samusas, the veggie rainbow salad, the mohinga, and the chicken coconut noodles. When the server mixed our salad for us my friend nonchalantly mentioned that she likes more chili and we were brought three extra sides of chili and jalepenos! The samusas and salad were delicious. We are half and took the other half as a to go.   Our main entreees were both so so flavorful. We used up all the extra chili and added a little lemon to each dish and two days later I'm still thinking about it. This is by far the best Burmese restaurant we've visited from socal to the bay.   The service was also amazing! We never had to ask for anything. They know what they are doing.	 0
My traveling companions and I wandered in to Burma Superstar one chilly, grey Monday afternoon, worn out from being on the road since the wee small hours of the morning, and freezing from not dressing appropriately for the weather that greeted us in CA. The place was packed, always a good sign, but we were seated promptly. The food took a little while to get to us, but when it did, my goodness was it worth the wait. This vegetarian curry was just about the best thing I'd ever tasted, the perfect meal for that day and that situation. I would travel to Alameda again just for Burma Superstar.	 0
Tried this place for lunch and the food was really good. Definitely want to go back and try other things on the menu.	 0
To my knowledge, Burmese cuisine is supposed to arise from the influences of cuisines from its neighboring countries (Indian, Thailand, Laos, China, etc). I was coming in, fully expecting a world of different spices and quality food that deserves the four stars this place currently averages.   But there are only two words that can summarize my experience at Burma Superstar in Alameda: overly tangy.   Tofu veggie kebat ($12.95) - Loved the vibrant colors of the dish, with deep hues of purple and orange all around. It's your average stir-fried veggies with tofu mixed in, so as mediocre as it sounds, as I had to eat vegetarian the day I went, I tried to enjoy this dish as much as possible. Unfortunately, I couldn't taste anything but tanginess.   Even the tea leaf salad, as lauded as it has been by various Bay Area blogs (food and non-food alike), tasted...tangy.   Honestly, it's like they squeezed a whole lemon into every dish or something. Sorry, but pass.	 1
It was the first time for me to try a Burmise restaurant.  So, I was not familiar with menues.  But they were super friendly, educated me, and food was good.  It is bit spcier side of asian food, but I could manged.	 0
If you're looking for a spot that will make your palette wanna have a party... Then it's here!!! Burmese food is much like a fusion of Thai and Indian flavors.   I've been here 2 times and it hasn't failed me.   The space is on the smaller size, and you're able to hear conversations clearly next to you - but that's no problem bc it's absolutely worth it. You'll enjoy the food so much you'll forget that you're sitting closely to a stranger  Although a smaller space, I love the service and warm welcome everyone gives, especially the chef. I've had the chef come to our table both times to deliver his creations and he'll talk about his food with a passion. It's absolutely heart warming.   Food is fresh and I have yet to come across anything that isn't good.   Highlights:  Platha & dip - a roti pancake with curry like dipping sauce (5/5!!!!)   Calamari - the FRESHEST, softest yet crispy calamari! And the dipping sauce is bomb.com!! (5/5)  Tea leaf salad - living up to the hype, very crunchy and VERY flavorful. The first bite may throw you off... But trust the foodies, and keep taking bites bc it gets better and better. (4.5/5)   Rainbow salad - not as flavorful as the tea leaf salad, but a lot of different textures with the rice noodles and veggies. Good flavors, just not as strong (4/5)  Mango chicken - think of a delish mango purée with check breast and fresh mango served with it. (4/5) *a little sweet taste to it   Spicy noodles (with chicken) - if you want spicy.... THIS is spicy! Oh yeah!!! So good. It's a pad thai style for reference and is VERY flavorful. (5/5!)  Green beans - I just love green beans. Flavorful, there's a bit of kick in it, but a big serving. (5/5)   Sangria - it's actually on the much sweeter side and has fresh fruits. (4/5)  Thai tea - well.... Duh (5/5)   The servings are actually quite big, my boyfriend and I had enough for leftovers the next day. On one occasion, we ordered 3 items. 2 apps and one entree. And it was definitely more than enough.   I'll forever be a loyal customer to this place, with its passionate chef and fresh cooking.. What more could you want?!	 0
First time eating here. We celebrated my friend's birthday. My entree-veggie pasta with butternut squash, pine nuts, and cranberries was deeeelicious! Price was reasonable and service was great.  Someone in our party ordered salmon and the portion was child size, but they said it was delicious and cooked perfectly.	 0
I am so glad that Angela's Kitchen is back open in Alameda where it belongs! After many starts and stops, tragic turns, and unexpected delays, Angela's Kitchen is back where it belongs this time on Park Avenue in the heart of Alameda between the new Walgreens drugstore and the Alameda Marketplace. I had to been to Angela's previous location on nearby Central Avenue next to the Alameda Theatre and Cineplex, but that location may have been too large and overpowering, whereas this new location is the perfect size for a intimate Mediterranean bistro. Owners Saboor and Maria Zafari really put their heart and soul into their new home and it shows: nothing too showy but with two entrances, one in the front on Park Street and one in the back leading to the private parking lot, which leads right into their unpretentious bar area and then to a beautiful open kitchen that shows off Saboor's talented skills preparing his native Afghani food behind the counter.   I really loved that the menu now changes on a periodic basis, while still keeping it's true Mediterranean spirit alive in its wide variety of dishes. They also had two specials of the day and on this evening, it was either the rack of lamb ($28) or pan seared steelhead trout ($22). But what I loved the most was the pre-fix Chef's Spotlight of the Week, at $28 you get the Angela's Caesar Salad with romaine hearts, grana padano and Caesar dressing to start, Chicken Sausage Linguini with ground chicken, tomato, house spices, white wine over a bed of pasta for the entree and the Bread Pudding which is served on a bed of Jameson whiskey sauce for dessert. You can't get that much food for that decent of a price. I found the pasta really hearty and seasoned well, while the bread pudding although a bit rubbery, was richly flavored with a boatload of whiskey.   The pre-fix special is apparently something new they've started at Angela's and hopefully they continue to enhance the options they serve because there were a lot of options on the menu that I was dying to try.  My dining mate got the special rack of lamb and he got four legs of the rack, which would be considered a half cut, cooked just the way he liked it medium rare on a bed of of cauliflower and string beans. Our meal was aided by the fact that our server Calan brought out a basket of warm, olive-oil-tinged bread that was a mix between a focaccia and a dense flatbread and it was served with a bright walnut-mint pesto meant for dipping or spreading which served to add an extra kick to our meal.   Angela's Kitchen serves food that is tastier and more ambitious culinary-wise than perhaps anything else you'll find in this part of Alameda. That's because they serve food influenced by Afghan flavors enhanced through the scope of owner Saboor's knowledge of old-school French cooking techniques and other traditional Western influences. I just hope that the fourth time is the charm and they stick in this convenient location for good. Alameda deserves to have a restaurant as lovely as Angela's Kitchen to around for the long haul.	 0
Overpriced menu and small portions, service took a long time even considering it was a Friday night. Trout I ordered came over salted. I also did not see any Afghan items on the menu. Overall, very underwhelming.	 1
From start to finish, I had an excellent dinner at Angela's Kitchen. The food, service, and general vibe of the establishment were all stellar. I especially like how this place offers more traditional Mediterranean dishes that are familiar, such as Caesar salads or rack of lamb, but they also have dishes that you won't encounter in many other places, like Aushak, the afghan ravioli (which is incredibly delicious).  Walking in, I already had a good feeling about the place. It's very open and has lots of natural light and a calm, comfortable atmosphere. It feels like an upscale restaurant, but it's still friendly enough to customers who come in wearing a t-shirt and shorts like I did. My parents and I came here on a Sunday night right when it opened so we were the only customers for most of our meal. We had great service, as would be expected if you're the only people in the restaurant. Still, the attentiveness and friendliness of the server and staff gave me the impression that we probably would have had a similar experience even on a very crowded night.  Before your meal, they serve you light, fluffy bread similar to naan or some other middle eastern bread and give you freshly made chutney for dipping sauce. I had never had watermelon chutney before. It was slightly spicy and sweet, and very juicy. They made me want to make my own chutney. I think they serve a different type of chutney every day of the week, or at least they rotate through different flavors.   For my appetizer, I had the Mazza platter, which was a great sampler of different mediterranean dipping sauces. The baba ganoush was incredible, and I also really enjoyed the tomato dip, the feta cheese, and the olives on the plate. They give you more of the fluffy bread with this platter, and will refill your bread plate if you need more bread to eat with your sauce. To be honest, I also just ate bites of the sauce on its own, it was that good.  I had the Aushak for my main dish. It's spinach and leek ravioli, and you can top it with meat sauce or tomato sauce. They also serve it with yogurt sauce on the bottom of the ravioli. From where we were sitting, across from the kitchen, we saw the chef hand-rolling the ravioli right in front of us. It did not disappoint. The pasta part of the ravioli is so thin and translucent- it really resembles more of a dumpling than ravioli. When I bit into it, I received a burst of savory flavors from the vegetables in it and also tasted a bunch of different spices. It went really well with the meat sauce and the yogurt sauce. This dish had such a great balance of flavors. I left nothing left on my plate.  For dessert, I had a very nice, light panna cotta with berry sauce on top. Considering I wasn't sure what panna cotta was when I ordered it, I was very pleased.  Anyway, I highly recommend this place. I'm planning on coming back here and dragging more friends to it. It's definitely on the pricier side, but for a nice dinner it's worth the price.	 0
CHEESEBOARD PIZZA  I thought getting here around 2:30pm on a lovely Saturday was pushing it.  They close at 3pm! I jumped out the car to get in line while my friend looked for parking.  Although it was a long line, it moved pretty quickly. Cheeseboard Pizza reminds me of Bake Sale Betty where there is a long line, but because of the limited amount of choices in the menu, and the food is already packed and prepped to go, it moved pretty quick! I was in line for around 20 minutes.  There was a live band playing and there were lots of people there to eat! There were people sitting and standing, both inside and outside.  This place was happening!  I was able to get a table as soon as I saw someone cleaning up to go.  There were 5 of us so a whole pizza was plenty.  Everyday Cheeseboard Pizza comes out with one kind of vegetarian pizza only.  They have Gluten-Free and Vegan options as well for $24.    Today's pizza was: Cremini mushroom, carmakers onion, mozzarella and fresh asiago, toast pine nut, garlic olive oil, parsley.  The prices were: Slice - $2.75 Half - $11 Whole - $22  A whole pizza between us 5 light esters was plenty.  They even threw 2 extra slices in top!  The pizza was quite greasy and tasty.  The crust felt like it was between a regular pan style and thin crust.  I loved how you can see all the wonderful ingredients!  To be honest the pizza wasn't amazing like everyone had hyped up to be.  Don't get me wrong I enjoyed it.  I'm just glad I didn't wait an hour for it.   There's a jalapeño house specialty sauce that you can eat with here. It's free! You can help yourself at the pump station inside.  Although it was spicy, I like it! However, when I started to eat it without the sauce, the pizza tasted bland.  I recommend trying the pizza first without the sauce.  I like it here though. The ambiance felt very friendly and positive. I sense that people are happy when they come here, whether to work or eat.  The Staff was nice and efficient.  I'd love to come again to try other flavors! That whole one type of pizza per day will really get you to come back!	 0
Located in Berkeley. This place is talked about as one of the best pizza places in the United States. After all the rave reviews about this bakery and pizza shop, I made a short stop to take home a whole pie. I was fortunate to find parking nearby. On the day I was able get in and out within ten minutes. I was warned the wait can be a long time. Place makes only one type of pizza a day for efficiency and product quality.  The pizza for the day was heirloom tomato, red onion, mozzarella and Comte cheese, garlic, olive oil, parsley, and basil. Walking up to the small shop, the sweet pizza aroma fills the air of the street. The live music was a nice treat while waiting or deciding to consume pizza onsite. My order was taken promptly upon arrival to the counter. Payment and pizza were ready by the time I finished the transactions. I took a few moments to look around and filled some small sauce cups with some green sauce for the pizza. The green sauce is something of it's own.   I wasn't planning to eat there but the aroma of the pizza was hard to resist. When one orders a whole pie, it comes with an extra slice. I take out a slice while at my car. It is still burning hot. It doesn't occur me to blow on the pizza. I take a bite only to back up and hold off to cool to try. Burning mouth hot I elect to wait just a few moments before I consume the slice. I elect to pour some of the green sauce on the slice.  No words can really describe the hot- not spicy but temperature hot, sweetness, and delicious pizza by itself. The pizza was a hearty amount of fresh produce and cheese. The sauce was delicious. I'm sure it's not healthy but would drink it because it was the right spice to add to a pizza that was good on it's own.  I ate the one slice and saved the pizza for my travel home to Sacramento. The pizza held well.   Great was everything about the fresh hot delicious pizza, the farm to fork produce, the heartiness, the green sauce ('twas like heavenly joy in a sauce)  Bad is the location is so far from home for me.  The pizza shop is worth the price and lives up to the reviews. I would definitely comeback.	 0
Cheeseboard is the leverage for any variety of pizza you aneven remotely think of. Wait, an add plus its totally vegetarian pizza with some amazing topping, who wud've thought butternut squash and dino kale would blow your socks off, not until you've tried cheeseboard would you even know or possibly think some eggies that can be added on to pizza and make it taste absurdly delicious. The green sauce that you can take is just an icing on an already beautiful cake(read pizza). I keep checking their menu each week as they change it by the day and week so even if you'd come here every single day you'd get to try some tantalizing mixtures of cheesey goodness with veggies.  Note, almost always there's a long line out the door so come prepared. This place is soo Berkeley,there's a musical everyday and the ambiance and casual setting makes this place like home. (There isn't anywhere on earth like home, is there? Oh wait, there's cheeseboard).  They are open from 11:3-A.M-3:00P.M and close for about an hour and half and open again from 4:30-8:00. While you're here don't forget to check out the cheese store enxt door. You'll be blown away by the varieties of cheese stocked. Also, give a try of olive bread with the green sauce(you can buy a small container to take it home, its tangishly spicy the same that you use it on pizza).  Enjoy Cheeseboard! Thumbs up to life.	 0
Let me be the first to tell you that I am a selfish, callous, meat-lover with a strong aversion to vegetables.  With that, let me also tell you that this was the best vegetarian food I've ever had in my life.  Different vegetables -- pizza -- every day.  Parking is horrible and the line is as long as the line would be to get a free hug from Obama (in the liberal haven of Berkeley). Here's the strategy to getting your pizza: have a relatively young person drive the vehicle (me), kick your elderly relative (my mom) out of the car to wait in line to get the pizza, find a safe parking spot a mile away and talk with your younger brother about how good the pizza is going to be, exfiltrate pizza (and mother), enjoy pizza in cramped Berkeley grad student's apartment.	 0
This place doesn't need a lengthy rating as there are soooo many positive reviews. But just for kicks I'll add another 5 star review. Can't wait to go back!	 0
Whatever you do, just get the potato puffs. Make a trip across town for them. Stand in a silly long line for them. Hide in your car and shamelessly don't share them. They are THAT amazing. $6 for 9 dreamy puffs and aioli -- worth every centime. Just one of those things you cant make at home, and can't find anywhere else.   This location is adorable, tiny (like shoebox tiny) and efficient. There are a few picnic tables where you can eat outside. Or, there's always the hiding-in-your-car trick I mentioned.	 0
Used to love Gregoire.    Food is still good, though not made with as much care as it used to be.  Service levels and attitude leave something to be desired. I visited Gregoire today and the cashier didn't welcome me to the restaurant, didn't say hello, didn't say anything... just stood there. Not friendly at all, which makes me feel not so good about blowing $6 on a box of potato puffs...	 1
Had lunch there yesterday....  Ordered potato puffs my favorite and they were really good.  Tried the pulled pork sandwich and it was sad... Hardly a shred of pork and it just wasn't good at all....Left it on my plate.  Used to love this little spot but quality and slowwww service will keep me away.	 1
Perhaps we ordered the wrong items, but I was really disappointed with my experience.  Food: I ordered the broccoli and cheddar quiche which was served with a side of mixed greens. The slice of quiche was filling, however the taste was mediocre. Overly salty and the texture was rubbery. The saltiness alone made it hard to swallow. I shared an order of potato puffs with my boyfriend, these were okay, but also too salty. However, that could've been product of our own choices, since we asked for parmesan with our puffs. In general, the texture of the puffs were consistent, warm on the inside and fried on the outside... but still, nothing spectacular. My boyfriend's egg and chicken sandwich was the best part of the entire meal. The egg was crisp and the meat was tasty; however it was just an expensive breakfast sandwich, we could've made it at home.  Service: Average service, the cashier wasn't the friendliest and I was really disappointed while watching the cook prepare our food. She went back and forth between using her phone and handling our food. Completely disgusting.  Price: Too expensive for the quality of food we received during our experience.   Ambiance: Quaint and peaceful environment. Minimal seating.  Overall: Overpriced and overrated. I truly don't see myself coming back here.	 1
Hands down the best take-out spot in Berkeley - if not the entire East Bay. I've never had a bad experience here which says a lot because during my undergrad years, I used to get lunch/dinner here with great frequency (I lived across the street). In lieu of table service and additional seating, they instead spend their resources on procuring fresh ingredients and offer thoughtfully well-crafted meals at decent prices: a rarity in the Gourmet Ghetto. Their menu changes monthly and largely reflects whatever is in season. My favorite thing on the menu is the potato puffs - there are few things I love in this world more! These airy and velvety smooth croquette-like concoctions are incredible and masterfully paired with a different sauce every month. So if you happen to find yourself in North Berkeley, stop by: you're unlikely to find a better meal than this charming take-out restaurant.	 0
Such a small hole in the wall! A very cute French shack in the middle of the streets.  I was shocked to find such a long line in front of thi very very tiny shack!! It was really small with two small outdoor tables that would seat about five people.  I was told that they were famous for their fried mashed potato balls! And yes! They were delicious!!  We got two orders: one white truffle and one permasean.  My preference : the white truffle !!	 0
Gregoires is a definite Berkeley staple, because the food is pure excellence.  Their menu changes every month, and no matter what you order, you're guaranteed a tasty meal prepared well with quality ingredients.  My favorites that you can order any time, all the time:  -potato puffs that instantly dissolve in your mouth, whipped and light and fluffy, served with a tangy mayo sauce (I always ask for extra..)  -nice and clean bread pudding, never a metallic taste that you sometimes get from baking it in a pan, not overly sweet, soft inside and crispy outside.  Always a win!  The flavors change every month, and I've never been disappointed   -buttermilk chicken sandwich on the lunch menu with creamy cole slaw, a hint of spice, crispy outside, juicy meat, and hearty bread   I also love the cooked veggies they serve with dinner menu items, be it well-seasoned Brussels sprouts, zucchini, or broccolini.  Gives me ideas for cooking myself!	 0
Ahh, what a cute little shop Gregoire is! It's more of a take out shop, but there are a couple of tables around and I love it's little setting; too bad I couldn't stay to eat there.  I stopped by on my way back from SF to try their crispy potato puffs and they did not disappoint! The worker was very helpful and gave me recommendations on which add on would taste better for the crispy potato puffs. In the end, I chose garlic and pesto. They make the crispy potato puffs fresh whenever someone orders, so it's VERY VERY VERY yummy! The price is reasonable too at a little over $7 for a box of 9 puffs. The sauce included in the middle tastes very vinegar-y, although I'm not sure what it is exactly. However, the other menu items look like they could get pricey. I will definitely be back to try the crispy potato puffs with BBQ seasoning!	 0
A line out the door is always a good sign and Gregoire literally always has one! But trust me, it's worth the wait.  I usually come here for take out, because there's very limited seating, like I'm talking a couple tables outside and 3 stools inside.  The menu is always changing, but one thing that's always on it is the fried chicken sandwich -- this one's a must try! Idk what they put in the slaw sauce but my mouth never gets bored while eating this sandwich. The textures and flavors are so perfect!  The potato puffs are also a must try! They're fluffy mashed potatoes that are FRIED... Need I say more? They have different flavors but garlic & parsley's definitely my favorite.  The food is a little pricy (about $11 for the sandwich and $7 for the potato puffs) but the sandwiches are huge and last me 2 meals, and the quality of the food is great. Everything is fresh and made to order, and it really just can't be beat.	 0
Firstly, the renovations to the hotel are amazing. Limewood is also decorated to a high standard and is obviously attempting to raise the bar from Paragon, the previous place.  However, we were disappointed with our lunch.  Their simplest salad, was van ordinarie. We shared the fried chicken club and a side of over cooked fries. The sandwich was under seasoned and over oiled and lacked any acidity which made it very rich and not appetizing.  Perhaps when the sun comes out and the terrace is opened, my impression of LW will improve.	 1
Yeah!  A beautiful view and stunning atmosphere with food to match in the Oakland Hills.  I came with my mother and two daughters for lunch on a busy weekend. We did not have reservations but were still accomodated.    I ordered the Cured Wild King Salmon, my mom had the Grass-fed Beef Burger, and both girls ordered the smoked mussel chowder.   I am so happy we found this place!  I cannot wait to bring the hubby here for drinks on the terrace.	 0
There have been several restaurants occupying the space that now houses Limewood This reiteration is the best of the best. Of course, the views are amazing no matter what the name of the restaurant , but Limewood combines spectacular views with equally an equally appealing menu, hip bar, and edgy, cool décor. Oysters on the half shell are a perfect way to start the experience. The best deal on the menu is the trio of shared plate canapés for $18. Diners choose any three from a list of delectables including grilled shrimp, figs, corn churros, sliced country ham, warm Medjool dates, or chilled radishes. The stuffed lamb chop with baby turnips was excellent and everyone enjoyed the acorn cavatelli. This is a place that is upscale, hip, with great food, great views, and prices to match. Perfect for a birthday or special occasaion. Parking can be validated but it still was $17.	 0
Ate here for the first time last night. Several reviews I'd read said the service was lacking, and they were right. They totally forgot to give us bread and butter until we asked for it. It took a long time to get our wine, and considerably longer for our food. They didn't notice when we ran out of water, and they never asked how we were doing.  My mussel soup had more shells than soup, and there was no provision for the mess involved in shelling the mussels so I could put them back into the soup. They should have paid me for prep. My friend's duckling was tough. My oysters were fresh and delicious, although they'd be hard to ruin. The view, of course, is lovely. But I won't be back. Susan	 1
My partner and I ate here over Labor Day weekend and it was fantastic. They're still working out kinks for being a brand new restaurant (they were out of a few dishes and the servers were overly attentive) but overall a great experience.  We started with the canapé (fried eggplant, savory corn fritters & and sugar snap peas) which were delicious.  For our main courses, my partner had the ricotta agnolotti and I had the chicken with gnocchi and turnips; both cooked to perfection.  For dessert, the peach split and ice cream float finished the meal off perfectly!  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone in the Claremont area.	 0
We had read a glowing review about Limewood and made a reservation.  Expecting a wonderful meal just a couple days after Thanksgiving.  Imagine our surprise when the experience went so badly.  Our party of six ordered a few of the small plates, a first courses and the main courses. Immediately the second course came out before the small plates and as that was being delivered the small plates arrived just behind the second course. We were a bit surprised but rolled with the fact that all of this food arrived at once. The food server had this puzzled look on their face when we asked why the food was served all together. Next was the entrees and they were OK, nothing special in the taste department. In particular the steak seemed as if it was a different cut then described on the menu and was chewy.   Well we decided not to order dessert and asked for the check. The server tried to make the experience better by comping three small plates and the steak entree. We were very sad that the dinning experience was so bad. Don't know if I'll ever go back considering the prices you pay for mediocre food and the lack of order regarding the flow of the restaurant.   Real bummer because the view is very nice.  Good luck Limewood.	 1
Slow service.  Had chicken sandwich, big disappointment.  Small bullet of chicken thigh fried but definitely not crispy.  Wound not recommend this establishment for food though ambience good.	 1
We are a guest in the hotel, and this restaurant will not prepare a meal for us to take back up to our room. Why is this restaurant allowed to be here? If it will not meet the requests of guests staying in the hotel, it needs to relocate somewhere else. The Claremont needs to bring in a restaurant that will take care of its guests.	 1
Great place to eat! Everything from the food to the dessert was spectacular!   My partner and I came here over Labor Day weekend for dinner and everything was perfect. The staff was ready and available to assist with any questions that we had.   The wine selection was great and I strongly suggest the house Syrah!   We started our meal with the Canapés, the fried eggplant is to die for!   For our main courses I had the Sheep's milk agnolotti; while my partner had the chicken breast, both dishes were served to perfection!   We finished our meal with caramelized peach split! The pastry chef must really know what they are doing; because it was exquisite!   Perfect dining experience overall and we will definitely be returning!	 0
Very great bartenders. Please go see Mike, David, & Manny. These guys are so awesome and know what there are talking about. Great dudes	 0
.....UPDATED Review.....  As I mentioned, I had to go back to Limewood tonight and ask the bartender to make the Negroni in front of me. I had to know the secret of their cocktail recipe.  Turns out they actually barrel age the St. George Gin (nice touch!), with Campari (they may also be trying Leopold Brothers Apertivo instead of Campari for a softer less bitter flavor), and Vermouth (Carpano Antica? Dolin?) for 40 to 60 days before serving it over a nice 2" ice cube with orange peel that was squeezed over the cocktail.  It was so nicely balanced and smooth, that my non-Negroni drinking wife had one tonight with me - and I had two! My wife and I are going to buy a small charred white oak barrell and try this at home....that is how Limewood creates such a nice balanced cocktail.  We also ordered the Lamb Tartare, and it was delicious.  Keep up the good work Limewood staff!!! Your doing great, we notice the high level of service, and everything seems you get better everytime we stop in. See you again soon on our next visit.	 0
Was hoping that it would be better but it is not to be.  The reason I've given 2 stars is for the view; otherwise it would be 1 star.  The appetizer section of the menu was not interesting to our group of 4 and so we tried several of the canapes.  We thought the fried eggplant and shrimp were both good.  But they were all severely overpriced.  $25 for 4 dates with blue cheese and/or 4 persimmons wrapped in pancetta is absurd.  The entrees were not much better.  The steak was grisley and not like any rib-eye I've ever had.  The pork was chewy and in short, nothing was spectacular.    We tried the spice cake/poached pear for dessert.  Nothing special.  We won't be returning anytime soon.	 1
Came here on a whim yesterday around 5. We were told that dinner service did not start until 5:30 and they just had interim apps and drinks right now. Friends and I were too lazy to go anywhere else so we just stayed. The place is really beautiful. There were some people sitting outside but when we asked if we could sit outside, the workers said we couldn't.... hm... ok then I guess.  We sat on a different table inside and ordered charcuterie, cheese, oysters, and a bottle of white wine to share. The charcuterie and cheese were okay - nothing too special. I did not like the weird pita cracker? thing they gave with these plates. The meats were EH as well - the duck pastrami was chewy, the salmon fishy, and the duck liver mousse salty. The cheese was good but that doesn't say much about the restaurant because they source them from other places. The service here was ATROCIOUS! So hard flagging waiters down and ours forgot our order like 3 times. By the end, we were ready to gtfo of there but of course, we had to ask for our check 2 times. Then, they mischarged our wine... lol we corrected them and finally got to leave.  Maybe if we were members, we would have been treated better??!	 1
Limewood has captured the energy we missed since the Paragon closed but with added sophistication, ambience, and culinary expertise. Last night in particular it was fully charged.  The outdoor patio was in full swing, the bartenders were showing off their craft cocktail skills and both the bar and restaurant were humming with people having a great time.  We enjoyed the Cocktails with an assortment of small plates including the very delicious corn fritters.  Next the perfectly prepared and seasoned corn chowder with mussels which is a meal itself.  Not to be deterred from ordering entrees we selected the pork chop and chicken. Both were outstanding.    The cocktails and food only added to the enjoyment we experienced talking to other guests at our high top communal table.  It was an evening to remember.  After dinner we strolled through the the beautifully renovated hotel stopping at the Lobby Bar which was also humming, then through the Meritage Bar and restaurant. The Fairmount has succeeded in revitalizing an iconic Berkeley masterpiece.       Sent from my iPhone	 0
I went there last night to try out the place with a friend. We were seated at the bar section since we wanted only to have drinks with a little bite of food. The place is gorgeous. Every details have been thought through. And The view is absolutely stunning, from Oakland to San Francisco with the bay bridge.  When you arrive the hostess welcomes you, checks for reservation and will show you in. Quickly, a waiter will come to you with menus and offer you regular or sparking water (with lime of course). The waiter will answer any question you have and leave you some time to decide what to order.  Food arrives, delicious. Perfectly prepared, fresh and nicely presented. I was really surprised by the quality of the food. We had a side fries and squid to go with our wine. The squid were the most surprising. Tasty and perfectly cook. For the fries, you would expect nothing much. But here, the fries are home made, tasty and you would probably order more.  The plates came in with Aioli sauce and ketchup for the fries. Even the Aioli was a nice surprise, well balanced, even with the vinegar that vanishes into the sauce. Stunning again.  I wanted a glass of wine, and I did not know what to try. The waiter recommended the house red wine on tap, witch is a Sierra. It was an excellent choice and paired well with the espelette pepper of the squid plate.  For the service part, nothing else to say than perfect. Well trained, very  attentive and very good suggestions.  I highly recommend this restaurant, it is really worth it.	 0
I had a great dinner last night at the new Limewood Bar & Restaurant inside the upscale Claremont Hotel in Berkeley. Since it has only been open for six weeks, I did not have very high expectations going into the experience. However, several aspects of my dining experience pleasantly surprised me.   My dining partner and I were promptly seated at a nice table right by the door to their beautiful patio after we decided that it was a bit too cold to sit outside. The menu (see below) was placed in front of us and the hostess proceeded to notify our waiter that we had been seated. It was pretty busy for a Tuesday night, which created a perfect atmosphere and ambience inside the restaurant. In addition, the tables are spaced out very nicely, which relieves diners of feeling squashed together like sardines; which is something we have all experienced at Bay Area restaurants.  Our waiter came over after a few minutes and it seemed to me that he was taking our table even though it was not in our section, which I really appreciated because it seemed like our primary waitress was really busy. He took our drink orders and asked if we had any questions regarding the menu. We told him that we just needed more time to look through all the items on the menu. Eventually we were ready to order.  We started with three canapés, which are very similar to the tapas you might order at a Spanish restaurant. We opted for the "3 for $18" deal and chose the Gulf Shrimp, Grilled Figs, and Fried Eggplant. The Gulf Shrimp, which are grilled after getting glazed in cane syrup, was probably my favorite of the three. The syrup gave the dish a nice touch of sweetness, but did not overpower the subtle power of the shrimp. To top it all off, it came with a lime crème fraiche, which was absolutely delicious when drizzled over the shrimp. I would definitely order this dish again. Next, I tried the Grilled Figs. These were good, but not as good as I thought they would be. On the menu, it was stated that it was served with pancetta. This was true, but I was disappointed by the ratio of pancetta to fig, and I also think that two figs cut in half is not very much for six dollars. Overall, I liked it but would be curious to try something else instead of ordering this dish again. Our third and final canapé was the Fried Eggplant. The eggplant was dusted with sumac and then served with an avocado green goddess dressing. The dressing did a great job tying all the elements together. I would order this dish again, but I would not use the dressing. After we finished the eggplant, our waiter cleared our plates and told us our entrees would be out shortly.  While waiting for our entrees, we asked for a side of bread because we were pretty hungry. I expected it to be normal, sourdough bread from a local bakery. However, it was served warm like it had just come out of the oven. When I asked our waiter, he confirmed that the bread was indeed made in house. I felt this was a nice touch for a hotel restaurant, and the fact that it was delicious helped as well.  As we were finishing our bread, our entrees came out. Many items on the menu looked good, but I ultimately decided on the Native Acorn Cavatelli ($24). I chose this because it had squid, which I love, and because of the unique acorn flour addition to the actual pasta. Also, Cavatelli-which is very similar to gnocchi-is one of my favorite types of pasta. I loved how everything in this dish went so well together, from the chopped up squid to the very flavorful broccoli due to the seafood base. If I had to guess, the sea taste (which I loved) was due to the bottarga, which is a salty, cured fish roe usually from Bluefin tuna and is regularly seen in Italian cooking. To bring it all together, the kitchen sprinkled just the right amount of Espelette pepper on top to add some spice to the dish.  In the end, I was very pleased with my choice because this was one of the best pasta dishes I have ever had. That is saying something because I have been to some of the best Italian restaurants in the Bay Area such as Perbacco and Delfina in San Francisco and one of the best pasta dishes and one of the best pasta dishes I had ever had was not even at an Italian restaurant. In fact, it was at a hotel restaurant in the Berkeley Hills!  Even though I was extremely stuffed at this point, I just had to try the dessert. I decided on the Spice Cake ($11), which was served on top of crème fraiche with a scoop of cinnamon ice cream. The cake itself was a little dry, but when it was mixed with either the crème fraiche or the ice cream it was delicious. Overall, the food was great, the service was good, and the ambience was pleasant. Including a twenty percent tip, the total bill came out to $110. Unfortunately, this price point will prevent me from dining here regularly. However, it is still a great option for a special date night or special occasion.  Cheers!	 0
Found this restuarant last min for my husband birthday.   Rose wine - more like a white wine. Just what I wanted except it's stronger than I expected.   The give bread and the dipping sauce came with it was really good. It has a spicy kick to it. I had to ask for second. :)  We ordered the duck and eggplant for appertizer. They are both delicious. The duck is kind of small. So may not be enough if you order to share. Eggplant is very tasty and went great with the bread too!.   I had the chicken pasta. VERY tasty but nothing spectacular about this one.   My husband had the special of the day - lamb tenderloin. The sauce is so good. Lamb itself is so soft!   The Servicer was so nice to give us the creamers brûlée for free for my husband birthday!   Overall, great food, great service, very reasonable price for the quality of food. Setting could've been nicer. It is still good but more on the casual side.   I am glad we came here for my husbands birthday. They did not disappoint!	 0
I went to this restaurant on Tuesday with a friend and had such a wonderful experience.  The ambiance was perfect, plenty of parking in the lot, service was awesome and food was spectacular!  I had the lamb ragu and my friend had the hangar steak.  The server recommended a wine to me and let me try a sample taste before I ordered it.  This restaurant is doing everything right! I was also pleasantly surprised to see that by the time we left at 7:00 p.m., the restaurant was full, very impressive for a Tuesday night.	 0
Angela's is open for lunch 11:45am-3pm! Oh boy... Came in today and got the eggs florentine and beef dahl, followed by the raspberry panna cotta.  The eggs florentine is the best I've had in a long time. The hollandaise sauce is buttery and has a flavorful lemony tang to it. The spinach added great texture. The presentation was just as lovely as the taste. Needless to say by the end of this I was stuffed!  But I persevered because the Dahl looked and smelled beautiful. It did not disappoint. Next I took on the chilled panna cotta. The first thing I noticed was the rose water! So fresh paired with the raspberry sauce. It tied the whole meal together nicely.  I got to speak with the chef who was more than willing to answer any questions I had. He even let me sample a yummy chutney! :)  My waiter was very kind and helpful and super cute...   10 outta 10 would come back again.	 0
Delicious !   Everything was super fresh and beautifully presented.  Duck appetizer and tomato salad was my favorite! The steak was cooked to perfection. A great find in Alameda.	 0
Pretty good place to eat. I recommend the Duck Strudel, wonderful, nice environment, nice staff clean tables.	 0
My family and I have gone to Angela's since it was located at Marina Village. Saboor is an excellent cook and the wait staff are friendly and personable.  Our favorites are the duck strudel, rack of lamb, and the bread pudding.	 0
Good ambience and awesome food. Lamb, Salmon and the ratatouille was just as good as it gets. Service was fast and parking is easy to find inside the lot. The selection of wine and desserts is good. Worth visiting again to try the other dishes.	 0
Incredible food and friendly staff. Chicken sausage linguini and hangar steak were insanely yummy!	 0
Really impressed by our meal, not so impressed by my 5 year old and 2 year old sons' table manners. But we managed to finish and left full and happy.  We had a truly memorable Mazza plate, tomato salad, perfectly seared salmon and lamb on salad and grilled veggies. Only feedback would be to dress the salads a little less.  Service was friendly and on point.   Will definitely return.	 0
The food, wine list, desert all ok. But the waiter was great! They also need to change the lighting. It's too dark and ceiling lights are sad looking. They should put candles in each table.	 1
I came here for a friend's birthday party.  Although it's definitely a fancy place, the owners did a wonderful job keeping it kid-friendly -- and man alive, there were a lot of kids.  The owners were not only gracious and hospitable, but they COOKING was OFF THE CHAIN!  None of us were sure what kind of cuisine it was, but everything was so delicious.  It was a family-style service and everything was delicious.  I can't wait to come again!  This is a family-owned restaurant named after the chef's daughter. How cool is that!	 0
Came here for small bites, like tapas, and it was all so good. It's a bit pricey, but there flavor a are sooo good. The ravioli like dish was so good and they duck confit was amazing I almost liked the plate the glaze was hat good. Great wine selection and good draft beer options. The service was excellent too. Our host and server were both helpful, friendly, and knowledge.	 0
So I went here for the first time yesterday and it's a cute little place. The food is so yummy and I love it. I had the Moroccan mint lemonade and these cookies that were so yummy! I will have to go back and try more food later on.  The family who runs this restaurant is very friendly and nice. The daughters are especially cute and so friendly.  I was told on Saturday evenings they have belly dancing and live music with a feast and that is something I'll need to come back and check out! Next door is a great little spa called Wax by Courtney Guadamuz that gives the best facials and body waxing treatments. She's very professional and will make you feel very comfortable through your service. Go check her out if you are in the neighborhood!  I would highly recommend both these businesses and will be going back to Courtney for all my skincare needs and then stopping in to have some yummy Moroccan food when I'm done. Help support local businesses and go check these places out! You will be very satisfied if you do!	 0
Wow whodathunk a little place on the water in Alameda would take me back to Morocco?   It even smells like Morocco in a way I can't describe, but it was kind of a pleasant surprise.   I popped in for lunch during the week with my baby and it was pretty empty. Ordered the kefta rice plate with salad. Everything was very fresh and flavorful. Would love to try pastilla but they didn't offer that.  Very fair prices.   Don't get over to alameda very often, but I would like to try it again.	 0
This place is a hidden gem. Beautiful view from the restaurant to the city and the bridge.  The family that runs/owns/operates this place is wonderful.  Jonathan abigail and their daughters are warm and professional and make you feel like your part of their family.   Food is amazing. The lamb is perfectly seasoned and falls off the bone. The couscous is also the most perfect grain I've had in years.   They have an amazing dessert and tea! Not to mention they have a great traditional belly/sword dancer	 0
$27.50 gets you 3 course meal and a belly dancing show on Saturday nights, which you'll find is a fantastic price after eating the food they serve! BYOB.  Ample parking, gorgeous view of the SF lights should you choose to eat outdoors, made me nostalgic for the fireflies from back on the east coast. We opted for the cozy indoor seating, enjoying our meal on golden place mats.   First course is a fully vegged out, mostly cooked, salad of lettuce, beets, carrots, smoked red peppers, and potatoes. Lots of flavor, and even my friends who don't eat "rabbit food" ate up the whole thing. Nice thing about fixed menus is that you get served right away.   Second course comes quickly afterwards, where we had a choice between lamb or chicken. Definitely one of the most memorable lamb experiences I've ever had - big chunky bone (with marrow to slurp mmMmm), tender meat falling right off, and easily scooped with the subtle sweet flavors of butternut squash, chickpeas, and dates cooked into the couscous. Huge portion good enough for two meals.   Third course is the mint tea (with an agave-like sweet to it) and soft almond cookies (with a huge crumble factor). It was a perfect light dessert, as we were all stuffed beyond belief. They offered seconds, and we all eagerly stuck out our cups for more.   Around 8:15pm, the music came on and this sweet and beautiful belly dancer dances impresses you with her moves for about an hour. It was interactive and fun, as she did a good job about making sure all the tables got a chance to dance with her and tip her in a flirty way. The kids there especially seemed to enjoy themselves.   Excellent night overall!	 0
Headed here after a delightful walk on the beach! In kind of a weird part of Alameda, but so worth it, since everything was delicious! Had a Moroccan salad with kefta, and every piece of the meal was so fresh. Extremely refreshing, filling, and all for just under 10$! Nom.	 0
Truly a hidden gem of a restaurant with a priceless, breathtaking view of the bay and good prices for big portions for lunch. Just place your order with the friendly / kind man at the counter (truly a family-owned business, with daughters helping out) and take a seat by the big, bright picture windows as you listen to the tinkling Moroccan music and smell the light incense burning in the background.  I ordered the amazing mint lemonade (so refreshing) and the safran rice plate with eggplant, onion, and bell pepper (such special spices gracing the dish - super savory and delicious).  Next time, I'll come back on a Saturday night to enjoy the different menu and bellydancing that others have raved about.	 0
The owner and her wonderful kids made us feel completely at home and greeted us with warmth and care-best Moroccan coffee I've ever had, incredible chicken tagine cooked so perfectly the bone just falls off and the kefta was unbelievably juicy and flavorful. Even the rice and hummus at this place is something to write home about. 5 stars ain't good enough!	 0
Celebrated my dad's birthday this past Saturday at Abigail's and everyone truly enjoyed themselves. They're still talking about the delicious food, the belly dancer and live music!   Jonathan and his wife are very kind and accommodating. They made us feel like family from the moment we stepped through the door. This was my second time coming. The first was for my friend's birthday dinner. I brought a cake both times and they stored it in their fridge until the end of dinner.   A hidden gem. Definitely a must on a Saturday night.  Be ready to get up and shake your groove thang with the belly dancer and bring some dollar bills too!  Make a reservation in advance. There just happened to be another party of 40 the same night.   Thanks again! More celebrating will be done here in the future.	 0
I true hidden gem. Went there for lunch and tried a variety of dishes - all were delicious, flavorful and incredibly fresh. The chef came out and talked to us - she was great.  We cannot wait to go back and try it again. Highly recommend.	 0
We came here for a Saturday lunch. This place is right next to the bay, which offers an amazing view! We ordered a saffron (ground beef balls) rice plate $9.50 and a moroccan tuna sandwich $6.50. The beef balls are very yummy! And tuna sandwich is interesting, it has a tangy taste (probably lemon juice or vinegar). I highly recommend this place, and we will definitely come back!	 0
We had a birthday dinner party a few days ago.  Let me tell you that everyone still tells us what a tremendous experience they had from the atmosphere with gorgeous views of the Bay, the friendly service, and delicious food.  From the beginning; we asked if we can drop off the cake and balloons prior to dinner service and they didn't hesitate to tell us it wasn't a problem and treat it "like home". Even their daughter gave us some tips to us naive guys where we should place our birthday sign.  Dinner service was fabulous. Everyone was raving about how the salad tasted "fresh" and even people who don't like beets were impressed. When you see many faces of reluctancy take a bite and it changes to a look of surprise and a smile; you know your food is a winner.   The lamb shanks (fell off the bone) and caramelized plums was a perfect synergy of taste. A few of our friends who have visited Moracco (Rabat, Meknes) were so impressed by the authenticity of the dishes.   On top of that; this is a family business meaning Jonathan is the waiter, Fatima is the cook, and their daughters run around to help them out. It's quite an amazing feat to do that.  Add to the fact there is no cork fee or cake cutting fee. Yes, "like home"!  On to another topic; we just had to respond to another review on her experience. 1. I've had a lots of beets (roasted beets, beetroot and coconut soup, canned beets, beats by Dre) and their salad certainly is NOT from the can. 2. Moraccan food isn't about nuts, fruits, chilling in pillows, and stuff. It is so much more than that which includes sharing great food with great people not single-seating. 3. This is a family-owned restaurant with a cozy feel who will try their very best to make you feel at home. I'm not sure the point of comparing to another high-end establishment (which  I have went and also recommend) whose price is more than 50% more expensive plus a cork fee (which I remember as I did pay for it). Yes, my Camry doesn't have twin turbo or RWD like the BMW's 335i but I still love it.  Again, thank you Jonathan, Fatima, and your two adorable children a memorable experience for us. For those who are interested in trying Moroccan food; I highly recommend this place.  Hope to dine in again soon!	 0
This was some of the best food I've ever had ! new to Moroccan cuisine, this was a good introduction. Stopped in for Lunch, had the moroccan salad with kefda, Delicious! Also had a Moroccan coffee, very nice strong black coffee with spices( cinnamon,cardamom, sugar?) anyway it was  also very good. A very quaint little restaurant with a nice view of the bay. Nice friendly family run spot!	 0
A great hidden JEM !!!  A great Moroccan restaurant in Alameda, tucked away  right on the bay, with fantastic view of San Fran. Right across the Bay...	 0
Not my first time experiencing this cuisine, but my first time trying this particular place out based on the good reviews, so I ordered the mint lemonade and two dishes via Uber Eats: the Kefta Rice Plate and the Kefta Salad. To my dismay, the Kefta were dry and bland, the salad was drowned in red wine vinegar, the mint lemonade was too tart and I found an additional ingredient in my Kefta Salad: an extra long, black, wavy strand of hair! Eww, so GROSS! At least the rice tasted alright. Not very authentic Moroccan and certainly questionable quality of positive reviewers' taste if this joint is considered "Best in the Bay".	 1
I've been here twice - excellent both times!  The food is delicious and authentic (get the lamb shank!!) and the owners are very friendly.  They really go out of their way to make sure you're having a good dining experience.    Will be back again and again!	 0
I teach at Mike's Paddle nearby and I love Abigail's! On weekdays, I'll pop in after a paddle for a vegetarian eggplant sandwich that is always warm and delicious. It's nice to splurge sometimes on their moroccan coffee which has a unique blend of spices and some sweetness. They also have a delicious mint lemonade and strong moroccan tea.  We also partner with them to bring groups there for lunch after our Stand Up Paddleboard Yoga Retreats. They are amazing at satisfying our hungry group of 10-15 people. They provide us with a chicken or eggplant dish over rice and topped with caramelized onions and roasted red peppers that is delicious! They also offer greek salad with vegetarian lentil soup as an option. Recently she brought out her homemade hot sauce. I'm a hot sauce aficionado and this was incredibly delicious. Ever thought of bottling it?   The owners are incredibly warm and put lots of love into their food. I highly recommend you come check this place out! And while you are there you can even possibly say hi to their adorable daughters - one of whom is Abigail!	 0
What a gem of a find Abigail's is!  It's located on the Ballena Bay peninsula in Alameda overlooking the inner SF bay and the naval museum making for spectacular sunsets if you are there at the right time.   We made reservations since we had a party of 5 and I recommend you do the same because everything was ready for us the minute we sat down.  The salads came right away followed by the main course.  You get three options and we all had the roasted lamb shank that was fall off the bone perfection.  The belly dancer was great!  She had everyone participating and was very entertaining.  The owner may seem a little intimidating at first and you get the sense that you may have a "No soup for you" type of experience but nothing could be further from that assumption.  This guy takes his establishment very seriously and is extremely intent on making sure you have a wonderful experience.  He even introduces you to his wonderful wife who is the amazing chef and I think his daughter helps out in the dining area.  A family affair that you wont soon forget.  After he hugged us all good bye we realized we found a place that we will continue to go to for the foreseeable future.  And why not! Its easy to get to, there's plenty of parking and you can sit inside or if the wind isn't too crazy, enjoy the out door dining area.  Oh... and it's BRING YOUR OWN BOOZE!!	 0
We visited the Claremont last December on our way to Sonoma. We learned Fairmont had bought the Claremont and couldn't wait to check it out as we're President Club Members. Fast forward to this December, we decided to stay one night at the Claremont on our way to the Sonoma Mission Inn another Fairmont property we love. We check in and try to make reservations at Limewood but they had nothing until 9 pm. No problem we'll sit at the bar. Our bartender Mike was not friendly at all. We asked about the canapés pronounced "canopys" by Mike when I asked "are they good?" He said "everything is good". Eyes rolling, no everything wasn't good. First off, canapés are supposed to be little savory bites on pastry or bread these 3 "canapés" we ordered were ridiculous. The date, blue cheese date version was exactly that. The shaved ham was literally shaved ham on a plate, the shrimp version was the tiniest shrimp on a skewer with some foam sauce to dip it in. Totally not worth the $18 we paid for the 3. We then ordered the Porthouse Pork with cheddar polenta. The pork was chewy and the polenta was cold. Talk about a total disappointment, Mike knew we weren't happy but never once asked how we were doing or if we liked the canapés that we did not finish. We will never eat here again. Meritage? Yes. Limewood? No.	 1
I'm a Cancer/Leo cusp with a Gemini moon and that means I have a problem making decisions. Bobshop is the perfect kind of place for an eater like me because there are no less than 10 different kinds of tastes in my mouth at once.  Like other reviewers mentioned, a quiet talking younger attendant worked the counter and kitchen. However as soon as I began my order an older gentleman (the owner?) materialized and took over my order.   He was very friendly as he explained the ordering system and different options available. I decided on the Bibimbop (beef) bowl with kimchi fried rice to go, sans egg. My order was ready and correct within five minutes.   I ate the food a full 30 minutes after receiving it and it was still amazing. The beef was super tender and all of the traditional Korean accoutrements mixed in nicely. I paid extra for kimchi fried rice and it was so worth it. All in all I got a $12 lunch with very fair portions of vegetables, rice and meat. Everything was flavorful but not very spicy but no worries a nice big container of siracha comes in the top vegetable compartment.  I'm a designer and I still cannot get over how amazing the to go packaging was, by the way. It's a double layered large bowl system that encourages saving leftovers.  Different illustrations around the outside also add another layer of fun.   Visit this spot and help keep it open!	 0
Well, something changed. BopShop was the best place to get Korean-style fried chicken. I mean it was SO good.   But now? Maybe they got a new cook, or who knows what. But now instead of crunchy, delicious, straight-up addictive fried chicken, you get sad little wings with nearly nothing on them.   Tiny, barely any meat, no batter to speak of, almost no sauce. So disappointing. This used to be one of my favorite places, now I have given up on them.   I still have two stars instead of one because some other things are okay, but it was such a crushing disappointment to see how far the quality had fallen. The last meal I ordered has gone in the trash, it wasn't even worth eating it. So sad.	 1
What a great addition to Solano Avenue! I get so excited when I see these Asian "fast food" joints pop up. This place was clean, staff was friendly, and service was very quick.   We opted for one of their bibimbap bowls with bulgogi to-go. The presentation was unlike anything I've sen before. Once you open the bowl, there is a section full of banchan (Korean appetizers) that can be removed to reveal the rice and meat underneath. This is perfect because you can decide whether or not you want to add the kimchi, etc. to your bowl.   The food itself was fresh and delicious. I would definitely go back.   There was no one when we went in so I only hope that people start to catch on and that this place doesn't close! We need more Korean food in the East Bay.	 0
I heard this place is good so I had really high hopes for it, but ended up very disappointed. I ordered the spicy tuna poke bowl. First off, I waited close to 30 minutes for my food which didn't make much since since poke is supposed to be quick to make. When I finally got my food, the fish was completely frozen! Definitely not worth the money.	 1
There's so many flavors and textures that all combine to an intense level of gastronomic perfection! I got a salmon poke - included in the bowl there's squid, ginger, whole garlic cloves, seaweed salad, a generous scoop of crab, corn, edemame, ginger, siracha sauce and sticky rice. I'm still in awe and wish my bowl didn't end. So, so good	 0
I bookmarked Bopshop as soon as I read that it was open.  Three of us came in for lunch today and were greeted by Jessica from Bowl'd BBQ and by other friendly faces from the Bowl'd/Spoon/Ohgane family.  I ordered an ahi poke bowl, which I ate with chili sauce; my two companions got other bowls.  Everything was delicious.  I'm eager to return to try out other menu items, like the porridges and the Korean "burritos".  The quality/price ratio is excellent, and the welcome that we received was off scale.  Our three ratings were 4, 5 and 5, so my five stars represent a round-up from 4 2/3.  A  negative point (at present) is that Bopshop serves everything in "to go" containers, even for customers who are ordering "for here."  At the end of my meal, I personally had to toss out the three small plastic containers that I opened (two for kimchi and one for the chili sauce) as well as the large bowl that contained the poke.  All four of these containers had plastic tops.  Of course we had chopsticks and napkins to throw away.  While there are no garbage cans in the eating area, you can throw things away by dropping them through holes in the counter near the cash register.  For the moment at least, there are no special bins for recycling or composting; I'm guessing that this will change.  It would be helpful to have more seating for customers who plan to eat on site.  The outdoor tables seem to belong to Peet's, and the Peet's regulars were not eager to cede chairs and table space to us.  As you can see from the photo in http://www.berkeleyside.com/2015/12/18/bites-tcho-chocolate-b-side-baking-bopshop/ , the previous occupant of this space (Nature's Express) had its own tables.	 0
Great concept of a quick grab n' go Korean food place !  I had such a pleasant dinner here at Bopshop due to the delicious food, quick preparation, and friendly staff !   With the same owners of Bowld and Spoond, Bopsbop also has the same tasty ingredients, but the only difference is that this isnt your typical sit-n-dine restaurant, but more of a take-out place ! Of course you can dine-in, but you also have the option of just grabbing your meal and continuing on your way.  My friend & I both enjoyed our beef bibimbaps ! The rice & meat were served warm and the vegetables on top cold. You can either mix them all up or pick at the different ingredients separately. The meat was really soft and delicious even without the red sauce thats added to bibimbap !  YOU HAVE TO TRY THE WINGS !! MmMmMm they were crisp to perfection - I wish I had ordered more !! $5 for 5 pieces ! The chicken was super crunchy on the outside and juicy in the middle ! The sauce wasnt overpowering either which I really appreciate because I'm not trying to just drink the sauce, you know ?! I got the garlic wings and I cant wait to try the other flavors !   Super recommend giving Bopshop a visit if you are craving some quick Korean food ! I wonder if they'll be expanding their menu because they just recently opened - lets hope so !   I'll definitely be coming back soon and trying their other menu items such as the ahi/tilapia poke !	 0
Amazing food and affordable!! So glad this place opened up in Berkeley. Can't wait to give them more business!!	 0
Um.... I ordered three bibimbap (rice bowls) & got home to find that the rice in them was UNCOOKED. Not just half-cooked or al dente, but like opaque with cracks. INEDIBLE. How does this happen? Maybe they soaked the rice & then the rice cooker got unplugged? But to serve the rice & not even notice that it is as hard as plastic & crumbly? That shows a total disregard for the food. Maybe this was a rare mistake. Maybe they hired a new kid in the kitchen who has never seen/eaten cooked rice. I dunno.   I was starving, though, so I decided to eat the veggies of the bibimbap & avoid the rice.   But then the spinach was gritty with sand. Really fouled my appetite.	 1
Delicious bibimbop bowls, and affordable too. We got the muiltigrain rice with spicy pork belly and glass noodles with salmon. They were both delicious, but the spicy pork was the winner with the most flavor. Bowls were $9 a pop, salmon $2 extra. Service was very friendly and fast.	 0
I'm only giving 2 stars because I went in to order a bowl and they were out of tofu leaving me with no vegetarian options. I would like to see more things for vegetarians like the veggie pancakes (especially the tofu ones) at Bowl'd, veggie pot stickers, veggie chop chae, etc.   Otherwise, the food looked fresh and the servers were nice. I could see us frequenting this place if they had something we could eat.	 1
Just dropped. In to Bopshop for a quick meal while waiting for traffic to die down.  This is a new restaurant and at the time of this review has been open for about a week.  They have bimbimbop, teriyaki bowls, Korean wraps, kfc and other goodies.    I had a bulgolgi bimbimbop and I do have to say it was pretty good.  The marinate on the beef was on 0oint, and the serving was huge.  My only critique would be that I would have preferred a fried egg instead of hard boiled, but not a deal breaker none the less.  Decor is modern and looks great.  The two guys on staff were very helpful and seemed to enjoy what they do.  My hat off two them, can't wait to visit this place again.	 0
I was at Peets getting an iced coffee and stopped in just to see the new Korean place. I decided to get a bibimbop to go, thinking I'd have it for dinner. I got the spicy pork belly, yum. Brown rice was good. I really like the pre-cut kimchee, etc. that sits on top, and I'm glad there were plenty of veggies.. I brought my meal home, ended up eating it for lunch, and then craving more, I went back for dinner.  I love dolsot bibimbop, but you can't take that to-go. This is great for a quick and delicious meal to go.	 0
This restaurant is related to Spoon and Bowl'd. So, expect your food to be healthy, clean with understanding staff about special diets. I asked how their food is different from their other restaurants and the nice man responded how they have different ingredients. I tried their veggie Jap Chae and it was delicious. They added key veggies that are nutritious and unique. (Nice touch on the kale!) One critique - too much salt. I'll tell the Chef that when I visit next. I'm excited to try their porridge because I hope it's as good as the porridge from Spoon. This feels more like a quick bite/take out space as the seating area is more bar style. If you want something different for Korean food with an American influence, this place is worth the try.	 0
The outside of this restaurant got me hopeful. Inside it's very clean/modern looking. However, the meat/vegetables in metal containers looked questionable. I asked if any of the vegetables/meat were local or organic and got a simple "No." This is a little important, I think for many people living in the Bay Area, but I could be wrong.   The chicken looked very unappetizing - soaking in some hot water - all dark meat. So my daughter got the tofu.  She ordered the kid's bowl - it came with a protein (tofu), yellow radish, and she substituted kimchi instead of carrots. Her favorite part? The rice with toasted sesame and kimchi. Not much was given, but for only 4 dollars it was an OK snack. Not sure if we'll be returning.	 1
New Poki places seem to be popping up all the time, so far this place stands out as the closest to what I would get on the islands.  The process can be a little confusing the first time you go but it's pretty easy once you know.  Great service and friendly workers as well as super fresh ingredients make this place awesome.  Best healthy option I have on my way home, so going once or twice a week is common.	 0
Ordered for pick-up through Eat24.  The fish was not fresh. My boyfriend and I didn't even finish our meals and now feel sick to our stomachs. Incredibly disappointed given all the high ratings of this place. I recommend Simply Bowl -- their seafood is much fresher and is closer to campus. Please save your stomach the trouble.	 1
Hashtag- Love-Hashtag-This-Hashtag-Place. Simply fresh simply delicious! Thrilled to have #Poki by my yoga studio- such a convenient way to have a healthy and substantial meal.  Since I am watching what I eat, sometimes, the mini is just right for me.  It comes with 2 scoops of protein, 2 sides, unlimited mix/ins and unlimited toppings. Here's my suggestion for an excellent Poki bowl- brown rice, 1 Scoop of tuna and 1 scoop of spicy tuna- ika salad, seaweed- now for the mix ins- green onion, more sea weed spicy original and ponzu sauces- to be topped off with furikake, garlic chips and a side of wasabi/ginger. This my friends is a combination of perfection.   Staff is super patient and incredibly friendly...so don't be shy to take your time, really study the ingredients, after all it is your costumed Poki bowl.	 0
Stopped here for dinner on our way back home from the city and was glad we did because its a great place.  Everything was fresh and the portions were just right.  All the workers there provided excellent service and were helpful for us to go thru the order selection process.  I'm glad they just opened up a new location in Dublin as its closer to home.  The only thing that kinda sucked was that their restroom was located a bit far away from the actual restaurant.  They give you a key that leads to the back of the building that can be an inconvenience if you have younger kids that need to go often and also if the weather is bad as well.	 0
This is a delightful poke spot!  I ordered 3 scoops of fish (2 tuna, 1 spicy tuna), half-sushi rice and half-brown rice, with a side of crab salad and edamame.  They have tons of mix-ins for the poke - I got green onion, avocado, cucumber, and jalapeño.  For sauce, I loved the 'original spicy' which includes soy sauce, ponzu, sesame oil, plus something hot.  For dessert, I added a Thai tea macaron sandwich which was super flavorful and a nice cap to a great lunch.  The folks there were super friendly and are happy to answer questions on the 'build your own poke' bar.  Worth a try and up there with Simply Bowl for me (another tasty spot)!	 0
My boyfriend and I come here at least once a week. Favorite spot for fresh fish and bomb mix ins at a great price! Plus they have Hawaiian Sun canned drinks and macaron ice cream sandwiches!!	 0
I've tried so many different poke places in the Bay Area from San Ramon, San Francisco, and San Jose and even Socal, but this poke place by far has the freshest fish and toppings I've ever tasted.   The style of ordering is just like Chipotle where you pick a base, protein, and toppings yourself as they make it in front of you. It's super easy and simple! They even have wonton and garlic chips, which I've never seen before and it was sooo good.   The prices may be a little pricy, but the taste and quality is totally worth it. There's three different sizes (mini, regular, and large). I got a regular and it filled me up pretty well. They also have a couple dons if you're not feeling poke and macaroon ice cream sandwiches for dessert.  Overall, #Poki has executed their delivery and service pretty well despite only being open for about a month. I definitely will be coming back soon!	 0
I'll be honest, as a non local walking in I was a bit concerned as to the quality of the food. The place doesn't look like much from even it's best angle outside and the inside looks like a seedy Asian cafeteria. The cup full of washable chopsticks and stack of soup spoons isn't for germaphobes but I can tell you that the food more than made up for it.   I view Pho as a sort of Vietnamese Fast Food and it delivered. Spring rolls out in 5 minutes, Pho out in 12. The spring rolls were fresh and crisp tasting like every ingredient had just been picked/caught. There were sauces to add to it and the Super Combo Pho that I had but it barely needed it. Perfect seasoning and nice and light broth with bright onions and soft noodles was a great end to the day.   Don't expect a super large variety but if you want good Vietnamese on the east side of the bay, it can't be beat!	 0
I'll start with that, if I could give more than 5 stars I would.. Humble and authentic place like is the owner.  Great hospitality and very good food, and of course beautiful belly dancer that shakes my world.  Thank you guys, see you soon!	 0
Oh sweet coma, this poké joint is gooood! I would gladly go back to our spot in San Ramon, but the proximity to where I live, makes Poké Koma a no brainer.  The atmosphere is bright and spacious, the assembly line service is sound and the offerings---fish, toppings, sauces, are tasty. You could get a different bowl every night of the week for a year. I didn't do the math,  but those who like their poké with variety, you'll be pleased. It's also centrally located on Park Street near the big theatre, a gang of shops and more food. Returning soon!	 0
I'm so excited that a Poke restaurant finally opened up withing a good distance from me!  It took me some time to get off my lazy bum to write a review, so I've tried their poke bowls quite a few times and I have been satisfied each time. The fish is fresh, the service is quick, the atmosphere is casual. My favorite part about Poke Koma is the abundance of flavor and texture to explore in each bite.   What I normally get according to their 6 step process of ordering: 1. Regular size (more than enough for me!) 2. Spring mix (limiting the carb intake!). Sometimes I ask for half crab chips; they add a nice crunch to my meal and I'm all about that! They also offer white and brown rice. 3. I love ahi tuna, hamachi, and crawfish (or shrimp) mixed with sliced onion and jalapenos  4. Mild sauce 5. Don't be shy; I get ALL the toppings; from avocado, to pickled ginger, crab salad, seaweed salad, masago, green onion, furikake, fried shallots, wasabi, and wonton strips. 6. I love the lemon ginger! My second choice would be the spicy aioli and third being creamy wasabi.  And if you have a big appetite, add a musubi!  They have a few different toppings (sometimes they also have a pork belly musubi!).  I absolute love their lychee rose tea as well; not too sweet and plenty of flavor.	 0
Fantastic service! Clean environment, even better food!!! Definitely my favorite poke spot so far in California!!	 0
It's my first time having Poke. It was delicious! I wish they would've given me more of the toppings I ordered since I didn't get every topping with mine. But it was delicious nonetheless. It's a pretty big portion as I eat a lot usually and even I had trouble finishing the regular sized bowl. I had the Salmon, Ahi Tuna, and Yellowtail with spicy aioli. Definitely a great place for poke if you live or are in the area.	 0
So legit! Just like the poke bowls I get back home in Hawaii! I'm surprised they're portions are this big. I went to a place in Palo Alto that did poke bowls but they gave such small amounts of the fish. They literally filled the bowl with rice and other stuff. At Poke Koma you can get 3 proteins with one regular size bowl! Woot!	 0
The place looks really cool. I didn't notice until my friend pointed it out but the walls are decorated with model automobiles, which is surprising for an asian restaurant. It seems a little out of place but it actually makes the place feel classy vintage. There are TVs and comfy seatings. Also a bar area if you really just want the booze!   Food I'd definitely recommend to try would be long neck clam and scallops! Porridge is a must especially if you are having soft-shell crab.	 0
Wow, I've never seen anything like Tastee Kitchen before. I think the concept of steaming fresh food right at your table is very interesting, and also quite healthy alternative to your local Chinatown restaurants.   The atmosphere is nice, relaxing with cute little car decor. Seems out of place at first but it comes together quite nice! Lots of Tvs around to show news, sports, shows. Music. Love that they also have a bar! And you can order some good BBQ if you decided to grab a quick bite and drink.   They have delicious draft beers from IPA to kolsch style. Sake and wine!   All in all I totally recommend the Crab, Long neck clams, Shrimp. Oooh the Okra is really good and love how everything comes together at the end for the porridge. The steamed juices from the seafood and veggies make quite a unique porridge.   Also I believe they close at 12am now not 2am.	 0
What a pleasant surprise for us to find this unique restaurant! Great decorations, great service and very clean! Most of food are steamed so it's very healthy, we especially like the porridge base, really delicious! The standard of this restaurant is so much higher than typical Chinatown. Really hope this place stays and more places like this one will open nearby!	 0
Very fresh seafood, great service! Healthy and something very different in the Bay Area!	 0
Elegant environment, seafood is very fresh, a very creative, very interesting restaurant, I like, will often go.	 0
Love their food!!  The Fried Chicken is a must and order it when you arrive as it is made to order and takes up to 15mins. We got half soy glaze Which is Fantastic! The other half did plain and it was delicious.   Kimchi pancake was crispy and soft. I enjoyed every bite!   Bibimbup had the yummy crispy rice on the stone bowl just perfectly and adding their sauces into the dish made it so yummy!	 0
Who knew that I would be such a fan of Kimchee... everything was excellent. Don't be afraid to try the kimchee fried rice with beef. It's tender, flavorful beef and the numerous sides that were served to the table we're all very tasty. Fresh and yummy. Great service. When my server was busy... I looked up and another server that was busy doing something else came across the room to help me.  They had no problem answering my questions and making recommendations. I highly recommend seeking them out. I always thought this. Was a Texas type BBQ place walking by... not at all.   Worth the effort to find them.	 0
Eh. Just eh. Been here twice with boyfriend/family and left both instances very dissatisfied and hungry still.  Eats:  Kimchi Fried Rice + Beef: The kimchi fried rice was just average. Although the beef was VERY soft and tender, the rice itself lacked the flavor of its namesake - kimchi. The whole rice dish was more on the sweet side than anything, no tanginess, no fermented flavor, no kimchi crunch, even.   Soft Tofu Soup + Seafood: Seafood pieces are puny bits immersed in some bland, watery substance they call soft tofu soup. Even the mussels were the size of my pinky nail, and the whole bowl was 60% zucchini slices. No spiciness to it at all, even though we ordered medium spiciness.   Bowl'D Wings: These just tasted like Peking pork chops...Nothing special about these. Portion sizes tiny. Move on.   Even the selection of ban chan is drab.	 1
Unfortunately we just weren't fans of the food at all. We just felt as though the prices did not match the quality of the food. We won't be returning.	 1
This place is NOT good for big parties.  I came here with my family to celebrate a few things and it was a total of 6 of us. We got to Bowl'd at 7:30 pm, and did not get seated for 50 minutes. Although the waiter kept us informed of the delay(s), it was pretty obvious that the two large tables ahead of us were slow to leave after they had already paid their check. That, and a decision was made after the two large groups ahead of us on the waiting list were No Shows, they broke up the bigger table along the side and offered it to 4-5 smaller tables on the waitlist. Again, no biggie. Waiter came out, let us know a table was just paying the check and should be about 10 more minutes. (Not blaming the staff).  A bit more on that, the layout of the restaurant is not conducive to accommodate more than 2 or 3 large groups. Tables of two, three and four were pretty quick.   After seating, it took the waitstaff another 20 minutes before they took our order/gave us water.  To be completely honest, leading up to this point had left a pretty sour taste in my mouth, and hunger had now made my "hangry." By the time we were allowed to put our order in, my stomach had shrunk and I just wasn't hungry/hangry any more.  But, nevertheless, we ordered a beef bibimbap, BBQ gal-bi, seafood pancake, tofu stew, japchae, and fried chicken. Note, the fried chicken is basically 4 "normal" pieces of chicken cut into 8, but still recommend it.   Food finally hit the table at 9:00 PM. The japchae was very good, same with the beef bibimbap. Definitely sized to share. The BBQ gal-bi seems "small" on the sizzling platter, but they do not build a mound of cabbage underneath as big as most other places do. Bonus points for this.  Over the course of the meal, we received decent attention/water refills, but when it came time for the bill, that was another 15 minute wait.  If I'm in the area, I will consider eating here again, but I honestly see this location as more of a convenience, rather than a destination. In summary:  Ambiance: 5 stars (very clean) Food Flavors: 4 stars (pretty traditional, but added bonus of kale and quinoa in certain dishes) Portions: 5 stars (pretty sizable portions) Service: 2 stars (things get busy here, and the staff quickly become disorganized and confused--no real differentiation of roles)  That last part was a hard point to swallow as they automatically charged 18% for their service for "large parties." I see potential here, but maybe things will be better next time with a smaller party.	 1
They grill the bahn mi bread. I repeat: they grill the bahn mi bread. This is not a drill.  I was looking for a treat after a bike ride and Fieldwork was packed, and I'm so glad I came here as an alternative. Sweet counter staff, awesome sandwich and summer rolls and a nice little patio. Sitting in the sun and eating this stuff when I was hungry felt a little like falling in love.	 0
This place is so far my most favorite vietnamese restaurant in Berkeley! Great service and food, what more could you ask for?  This restaurant looks like it a family-owned business. The guy who might be the owner here was so friendly and made me and my friends feel welcomed here.   Besides, the instance that they forgot one of my friend's bahn mi, which should be disregarded, everything was perfect! The pho was so flavorful and the meat in it so tender and juicy. The bahn mi was on par as well; the bread was crunchy but soft in the inside and was packed with all kinds of good flavors and amount of meat. Not just me, but ALL my friends give this place a 5/5.  Don't hesitate to come here because of the name and the fact they also sell burgers and fries here! haha	 0
Vegetarians and veggie pho lovers -- this is a must visit. The new soup king of my heart is Super Super! Unlike many Bay Area restaurants Super Super does not disappoint with their vegetable ratio. Plentiful broccoli, cabbage, onion and large pieces of fried tofu in a delicious broth. The broth had a heavier lemongrass taste than I usually go for but it was delicious all the same.  The casual atmosphere, pleasant patio and adorable family running the place made it even better.	 0
I can't get myself to agree with the rave reviews. The banh mi sandwich lacked its signature flaky bread and was way over-dressed in mayo. Pho broth was good, but even the Large lacked in meats and noodle (half of the meat was not in there..and i looked for awhile). The owner is a sweet guy though!	 1
This place is amazing the food is delicious I ate the combination soup with fries and fresh lemonade and the price was very well, excellent attention. I will return the next time. Thank you!!!!!	 0
Best pho in Berkeley, hands down. Maybe even best pho I've had in my life!  Good price, and even the garlic fries are super tasty!  I don't usually crave pho, but I will definitely be coming here to satisfy cravings for super super	 0
Best bowl of Pho I've had in this part of the eastbay. Broth was very flavorful and a small amount of hoisin and Sriracha made it even better! Definitely coming back to try the Banh Mi sandwiches and the staff/owner were very polite and attentive.	 0
Friend and I shared the... pho - not very flavorful and did not have a lot of meat. pork banh mi - not the best I've had. The sauce had a weird flavor.  The water cup I got was dirty, the water cup my friend got was dirty.	 1
I'm so looking forward to the Banh Mi Sandwich, looks delicious!  Friendly service and fast !	 0
I've finally realized why you should slurp your pho! It's the most intelligent way to eat wonderful hot soup without burning your mouth. You get all the flavor as it cools down into yummy goodness in your mouth. Always slurp your pho!  This place as excellent pho and lots of other things. Can't wait to try more. Everything looks good.	 0
I  the veggie pho!!!! It has lots of broccoli and is sooooo good, especially in this cold weather!! Besides that, the family that runs this place is so friendly and sweet! Every time I come here, they have taken such good care of me!	 0
I'm not a big fan of most Chinese restaurants  This place is exceptional  Great food and great service  Try the spicy eggplant	 0
My friend took me here bcuz my fav Dim Sum place was closed, my fav place is L & L Seafood Chinese place on San Pablo Ave across from buger king in El  Cerrito.  Ok back to this discussing place we sat in the bar and order dim sum we got salt and pepper shrimp and green onion pancakes and pot stickers w/ pork. I was starving the salt and pepper shrimp were good way to much batter the pork pot stickers when I cut to eat took a bite and spit it out right away tasted rotting the green onion pancakes were just ok. I order the shrimp dumplings I needed something more they came in took it out on my plate cut in half and noticed the shrimp was grey NOT PINK took a bite and it was FREAKING FROZEN!!!!! Seriously wow  And note people if you go into a Chinese restaurant and there is 6 pages of menu DON'T EAT THERE	 1
Found this place on the day of New Year's Eve (if that makes sense:-)). Most restaurants were closed between lunch and dinner to prep for special New Year's Eve menus. This restaurant was one of the few open when we wanted to eat, and we're happy we gave it a try!  The restaurant is spacious and clean. The staff was welcoming and friendly. There's a lot to choose from on the menu, which came as a pleasant surprise. Food quality- excellent! Very tasty, hot, perfect portion size. We will definitely be back.	 0
To be fair, this review is based on one visit and it was on Christmas Day 2016. Perhaps they were not expecting the droves of my tribe. In any case they were really busy and couldn't handle it. I'd give the food 3 - 3 1/2 stars and the service 1/2 - 1 star.   We had a reservation so did not have to wait for a table. However we had to ask several times to place our order and this was after being seated for more than 30 minutes.   We arrived for dinner at 5:45 and they were already out of brown rice. Luckily, I checked the bill because we were charged three orders of it and an extra order of white rice. Speaking of the bill, that was another 1/2 hour wait. Then it came with the mistakes above. Another ten minutes to get a corrected one. And then there was a problem with the printer and only half the bill was printed so no total. Sigh.   The food. Overall good but almost everything was was too salty for everyone at the table. Folks liked the veggie potstickers a lot. Ditto the fish soup. The calamari was just ok. Ditto the green onion pancakes. Veg chow fun was great. Fish with black bean sauce was a hit as was the dry fried beef and Mongolian lamb. Green onions and tree ears was a pleasant change from same old vegetable dishes. Unfortunately the dry fried green beans never showed up even after we asked for them. Rice cakes with pork was good but the promised Napa cabbage wasn't to be found. Kung pao chicken was good though they initially brought the version that wasn't ordered.   The staff was so overwhelmed one waiter was running and almost slipped. A bus boy was hurrying to fill a teapot he hadn't opened in his haste - didn't seem like he burned himself. Same guy was carrying practically our entire table of dirty dishes to the kitchen and nearly got into a head on collision with another sprinting waiter.   Based on this visit I'd be hard pressed to give them another chance.	 1
I have been to this place several times, and I have to say that their Sliced bacon (蒜泥白肉) is the best!!!   This is the best Chinese restaurant I ever tried in the Bay Area!!!	 0
Sichuan Style is phenomenal. My family used to go to China Village but in the last year we have completely switched over to Sichuan Style (formerly King Tsin), which has a similar menu and cheaper prices. The staff here is very nice and always remembers our order and refills the pickled cabbage appetizer (served only at dinner) without being asked. We love the lamb hot pot, rice cakes with pork and cabbage, and braised tofu especially. The last time I went, I had the spicy beef noodle soup -- tons of noodles which means it definitely fills you up, and for a great price (8.95)! Their potstickers and spicy wontons are also tasty.  I wouldn't recommend the mu-shu dish, as it was almost too salty to eat when we ordered it. However, that is uncharacteristic for them.  Consistently excellent food at a reasonable price with fabulous staff. I don't know why they aren't packed all the time! In terms of Chinese/Sichuan comfort food, this place really hits the spot. It's my choice for a fancy large gathering family dinner, as well as a casual lunch.	 0
I ordered take out today,and I regret that I ordered the spicy chili fish fillet,it's not spicy at all,there's not any veggie in it,tastes so boring.  The steam rice is 1.5 dollar per order,I mean how dare you.	 1
Food to go? Yep. Ready in 10-15 minutes. I've been really impressed with this Bowl'd location and their customer service and portions. Since my friend and I decided to go meatless (including poultry) this month, I've been eating a lot of veggies, tofu and noodles and so the small plate of veggie jhap chae with tofu was perfect for me!  I called it in and just as in past experiences, it was ready in about 10 minutes which gave me enough time to run an errand at South Shore while I was there. Since I was also picking up food for my sister, I added the seafood pancake to my order this time around.   The veggie jhap chae comes in a personal size rectangular container that is stuffed with noodles, mushrooms, carrots, cabbage and a good helping of tofu (add $1 for tofu but they make it worth it). The noodles were perfect; not too hard or too chewy. The tofu was nicely marinated and those of you who eat tofu know that the sauce makes all the difference!  The small plate of seafood pancake was also a good portion (about 6 pieces) and came with a hot chili sauce. The pancake was stuffed with seafood goodness such as calamari, mussels and shrimp. The only turnoff, and this is my sister and my preference, was the scallions but those were easily removed and didn't deter us! I'm sure it would have been even better if I'd eaten there and it came out slightly crispy.   The staff have all been extremely pleasant and courteous, both on the phone and in person. I'm so glad Bowl'd has opened up and given me another solid eatery to visit!	 0
Came in during lunch time. We ordered the kids meal, bbq beef, sizzling work and the jap chae noodle bowl. The glass noodle bowl was in good portion and tasted pretty good. Others were just fine. Price is fair. Service was ok.  The reason why I'm giving 2 stars is they automatically added 18% gratuity on our bill.  We were party of 5.  2 little kids( 5 & 2 yrs old) and 3 adults. and we were seating on the booth( normally for 4 people). AND it was during lunch not dinner. We always leave 20% or more tips when we eat in restaurants. So it's not about the money. Just don't feel comfortable the way they do.	 1
Delicious food served hot and fast and there was plenty to eat! One of the cleanest places I've been in recently.	 0
Hey psst, wanna know a secret? I can't say no to whiskey. Especially good whiskey. So if you take me to a place like American Oak and send me sky high with a whiskey flight, then I'm pretty much guaranteed to be your best friend for the rest of the night.  I actually had to turn pages to get through their entire whiskey menu. I mean, how much better does it get than that? I think I'll make it a life goal to try out every whiskey here. Not sure what that'd win me, maybe a bust in the alcohall of fame or maybe a picture on that wall of shame. Thanks for the lyrics Em. But seriously, if you enjoy whiskey at all then you'll love the selection here at American Oak.   As for the food, I basically ordered the simplest item from their menu in a burger, and it was pretty darn delicious as far as burgers go. I loved the fries to most to be honest. It was like a plate of fries that I could have substituted for my actual meal.  The spot itself is super nice though. Fancy enough to be perfect for a date night, accessible enough to just waltz right in and catch a game on their TV at the bar. It is a bit pricey, but if you're willing to open up the pocketbook a little bit, you'll end up with a great meal.  Definitely going to be coming back here. Alameda never ceases to amaze me when it comes to food.	 0
Can't say enough good things about this place! Best manhattan in a long time and my second trip here. There selection of whiskey is off the charts plus they make other spirits as well. Food is excellent as well as the ambiance! I was literally craving to come back!!!	 0
This is my favorite restaurant in Alameda. The waitstaff are on point, and the food is consistently amazing. I recently ordered flat iron steak and grits, which is PHENOMENAL. Their drink menu is also impressive - obviously they are known for their bourbon/scotch/whiskey selection, but they also stock some nice wines and beers too. It is pricey, so it's an occasional treat. :)	 0
Really great spot. The whisky list is fantastic. I love always being able to try a new dram when I'm here. The upstairs lounge is an awesome place to chill. The food is great as well. Had the burger one time. The cheese board another. All good stuff.	 0
Lol fuck this place like almost every food is salty, there's a $2.50 charge per person for bringing your own cake and cutting it, some white guy with a pony tail and no beard step on my Jordans like lucky I don't beat his ass but this place isn't worth the expensive price.	 1
2 stars for food, 1 star for service.  American Oak was the type of place I wanted to like.  They had a menu that sounded delicious, simple yet beautiful décor, and a small outdoor patio with seating.  However, the food was far from superior and was further ruined with horrible service.   We started with the deep fried oysters (5 pieces, $13) which was served with a tartar sauce.  I thought the oysters were lightly battered and nicely fried.  The bf thought it wasn't cooked enough with the body portion spewing out and still having a slightly fishy/ocean taste.  After looking at their online menu, I was set on having the shrimp louie salad, however they didn't have it that night.  I decided to go with their spaghetti ($15).  The spaghetti was simply the name for the noodles, not marinara sauce like I expected.  It was tossed in an olive oil with Italian sausage and bell peppers thrown around the dish and topped with parmesan.  There wasn't any kind of presentation and the bf said it looked like a 5 year old threw it together. He went with the bone in ribeye ($35).  Though it was cooked perfectly rare and topped with fennel butter, he thought it lacked seasoning and American Oak didn't have any A1 sauce to compensate for the flavoring.  He did love the onion it was served with.    If you're a whiskey lover, you're in luck.  They have pages of different whiskeys.  Prices are for 1 oz pours.  The bf went with the Yamazaki 12 for $15/oz.  Whiskey flights are also available.   Service was a HUGE issue.  We had to ask for water THREE times before we got it.  Though our server was nice, he was missing most of the time.  It wasn't until we were almost done with dinner that he finally came by to check in on us.  The bf ordered another drink which oddly took about 20 minutes for it to finally come.    Our server was nowhere to be found so I asked one of their servers if I could get another glass of wine.  He gave me an unbelievable amount of attitude saying "I'm not your server...but I guess I could tell him".  Short stuff with the facial stubble, a simple "I will let your server know" would've worked.  I'm guessing he probably only clears table because his Napoleon complex clearly shouldn't be dealing with customers.    With the exception of whiskey, there's nothing worth returning for.  WHAT TO KNOW: *Street parking which can a bit challenging during dinner hours *Though crowded, there wasn't a wait at around 6:30pm on a Wednesday *Heated outdoor patio *Not all menu items from the website will be on the menu so don't get set on one dish *Not sure if they do charity events all the time, but 10% of sales that night were going to the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society	 1
Came here at nearly 10pm on a Friday night, and the place was packed. We were first attracted to AO for their whiskey selections, but decided to try the food too.  We ordered flat iron steak, Mac and cheese and fries, along with drinks. I had the Dead Man's Wallet, made with rye, port and cinnamon lemon bitters. It was spicy and refreshing, just what I was looking for.   AO definitely has a extensive and impressive catalog of whiskey, some expensive and others reasonably priced. However, if our experience was a true sample of what you get, the food is the main attraction.  The flat iron was cooked to perfection, and the red wine and mushroom sauce was awesome. The sauce was so good we dipped our fries into it to not let any go to waste.  Service was outstanding, and our waiter, Hart, was knowledgeable, friendly and attentive.  I can't wait to go back and try a whole meal for myself instead of having to share with others.	 0
This is my absolute favorite Chinese restaurant in the area. Delicious food and wonderful service.  We ordered the fish soup which was ridiculously amazing. The seafood claypot was very very tasty. The green onion is my daughter's favorite.   Great food, clean restaurant, and excellent service.  This place is highly recommended for anyone who wants authentic Sichuan cuisine. From what I read on Eastbay express, the chef was the head chef at china village.	 0
I ordered delivery on the BBQ pork appetizer, it's 8.95. When it came, it was in one of those tiny square boxes, and it was only around half filled on the bottom. For 8.95? Really not worth it.	 1
Let me begin by complimenting the quality of food this restaurant serves.  Absolutely amazing.  I have tried Mandarin Garden, Heat Cafe, China Village and Spices 3.   This restaurant easily has the most generous portion sizes, freshest ingredients and quickest and friendliest service I have experienced.  What we ordered: Sichuan Style Mapo-Tofu Chicken Egg Foo Young Sichuan Spicy Pig Ear Green Onion Pancakes Steamed Rice  Tea  The Sichuan food was excellent and struck a great balance of spice and savory flavors.  All incorporated vegetables were obviously fresh.  No wilted green onions here!  The chow mein and egg Foo Young were also exceptional.  None of the vegetables were lacking in freshness.  Both dishes were not too oily and really stood as being made to order.  I  hesitant to leave such a glowing review because I would like to keep Sichuan Style a secret.  Make sure you give it a try! If you like spicy food and have been on the lookout for great chinese/Sichuan food... Look no further. I will definitely return.    I discovered this restaurant after ordering through Uber Eats and just had to visit in person.	 0
Nice staff. Nowhere as busy as China Village. I wish they had more pictures... I know what I want but I would prefer pointing to what I want.  Smells good. I'll let you know if it Tastes good.	 0
After having had a good lunch at this restaurant and then an OK dinner, we took our family here and had the worst meal I have ever had.  The five of us were disappointed in all the dishes, and ate very little.  The service was good and solicitous, but that does not make up for bad food.  I was sorry to have to pay for it.  In addition, the restaurant was very cold.  We had to eat in our coats. We will not return.	 1
I really really like this place! I came here with a friend on a Saturday night. The inside is really big (and nicely decorated) so we didn't have to wait, which is nice! We ordered a lamb hot pot and sui zhu yu (spicy fish) which were both really flavorful and pretty spicy! The portion size is really big; we were starving and we couldn't finish two dishes.   Finding good Sichuan food is pretty hard and I'm glad this place exists! Will definitely come again.	 0
If you like spicy food,, this is definitely the place to try. Very tasty food ,many none spicy food and small dishes as well.	 0
Great noms for anyone at any budget.  Hats off to them for creating inspiring meals for those in the UC Berkeley area.   Simply, go here. Start with umami burger with pork belly. Chase with snack (waffle) fries with killer mayo aioli zig-zagged on top. Think of me as you smile on the way out.  Don't forget to tip accordingly.	 0
Wanted to be a regular here for the great prices and the happy hour offer. It's a shame because the people who work here are RUDE! It was completely empty because of the cal football game and I was going to buy beer along with my outside food. They didn't stop to have a conversation and immediately started yelling at my boyfriend and I to get out.   Never coming back here. Hope service improves because the place is empty half the time.	 1
REALLY GOOD.  You can tell they're passionate about the food and put a lot of effort into it. The people there are extremely nice, and the food is incredibly delicious as well.  Got the Ruben and the cheese sticks. Both were really good, and affordable as well. The pork belly on the Ruben was tender and flavorful, and the sandwich was really well put together. It was perfectly toasted and stayed intact the whole time too :D  Update: I don't think they have the Ruben anymore, but their wings are great! Never been disappointed by them and the portion size is great too. Their potato salad is also superb. Their passion for food definitely still shows through their menu.	 0
Snack Shack is a great new addition tucked in the back of Northside Ghetto. They have a wide variety of different burgers and sliders with various flavors as well as a decent assortment of shakes and drinks.  I had the Umami Burger and it was quite possibly one of the best burgers that I've had here at Berkeley thus far. The pork belly was just the right quality in texture and flavor that I was left savoring for more as I kept eating. Will definitely be coming back to get more of that Umami Burger and quite possibly try the rest of the menu whenever I'm around Northside!	 0
Great burgers and even better fries, and a nice selection of drinks to go with it all. They even offered my (sadly allergic) dog free bacon :)	 0
I've seen this place on Yelp before and made a visit yesterday. I'm not in Berkeley very often, however, yesterday I was in the area to attend an event at the Greek Theater. I wanted to go somewhere prior to show for drinks and dinner and found out that the Snack Shack was nearby.  From the pictures online it's kind of hard to tell how the place is situated - it's one of many businesses in a outdoor food court. Snack Shack is at the end and there is both indoor/outdoor seating.  I got to the Snack Shack around 6pm and it wasn't too packed (got packed later on when I left around 7pm). I ordered their Sangria, a beer, and the Shack burger and everything came out to about $15 bucks - so inexpensive!  Great food/drinks, fun place to hang out and inexpensive options. I can definitely see this place being a popular spot - I'll return again if in the area.	 0
Rivoli is just top tier dining. The wine list is great as well as their great specialty cocktails. Then there's the courses to come. I've dined all over the world  and at the very prestigious chez panisse. I have to say rivoli edges it out ever so slightly.  And that place is fantastic! But that is another review. Pacing the courses to me is just as important  as the food itself. The service  that is exemplary knows this all too well. Very attentive but always  monitoring you meals progress. Then there's  the food. I love how you walk by the kitchen as you enter the dining  room. It's so dramatic and sets you up for the evenings dining  experience. There you see the mechanics of the highest level of food preparation. It's extraordinary. Then when you dig in you truly see smell and taste cassic dining at its best. It all comes down to this moment.  The fare is just amazing. Gorgeously presented and wonderful to the palate. I can't  recommend Rivoli enough.	 0
Rivoli just nails it. Beautifully designed and decorated interior that seamlessly extends into the backyard garden, quiet ambiance, prompt and courteous service, tasty dishes and a baller wine list. I've been here now three times in a few short months, each time our table left thrilled. How did I not find out about this place sooner?  Most starters are large enough to share. The portobello fritters are plated elegantly in a sizeable portion. They're decadent (like, southern home cookin' decadent) and the capers explode with flavor - I'm not sure I've ever had good capers prior to this dish. The little gems starter is simple and fresh. The steak tartare has excellent texture and its modest dose of horseradish is perfectly balanced.  I was worried I would overdose on beef, but I went ahead and ordered the steak tartare as my starter and the steak as my main. Maybe it was a bit heavy on the red meat, but I left fat and happy. A whiskey-based cocktail similar to an old fashioned (can't remember which one) cut right through it, possibly saved my life.  A whiskey-based spiritous cocktail (can't remember the name) was-well made, balanced and clean.  The first time I ordered steak medium-rare but it came out well, and the flavor was good but unremarkable. On the next visit I ordered rare and it came out rare, juicy, with perfect texture and flavor. It's dressed simply, so order on the rare side and be specific on doneness. Pair it with the '94 Ravenswood Zinfandel (seriously... I took some convincing to order this bottle but it is fantastic and drinking beautifully).  I've never met a fish I liked, so I can't help you on the seafood menu. My guests have ordered oyster bites and swordfish main and loved them.  Tip: The owner Roscoe is a sommelier and often features off-menu wines. Be sure to ask! He pointed me to a wine I would never have selected without his recommendation. Did I say baller wine list?  I see a pork chop is now on the menu, which means it's time to make a reservation... I wonder if they'll do a pork tartare?	 0
This was the best restaurant during my stay in Berkeley. I was fortunate to get a cozy seat in the bar area by the window. The manager and server were attentive and friendly. The food was the best part. I had the Cod was perfectly cooked with a sauce that had a combination of flavors that integrated well.   Not only did they get the flavor down, the texture of the ingredients contrasted well, adding a further dimension to the dish.  The presentation topped it off.  I wish I had room for dessert. Next time.	 0
Had an amazing meal and experience for the FIL's birthday. Started with wine, oysters, fritters, and soufflé. Then more wine, the coq au vin with a wine sauce, bacon, and gnocchi I couldn't get enough of, and the most decadent dense chocolate cake. I was so stuffed but satisfied. One of the best meals I've ever had. The family also enjoyed the lasagna (unique, lighter than your average lasagna) and the crab risotto (also unique, lemony). I highly recommend for a special occasion!	 0
Went for a 70th birthday and it was great! Great food and the customer service was superb. We had a party of 10 and were treated wonderful. I'll be back.	 0
I love Rivoli and go there often....until they switched chefs. Then it was just never the same. Imagine my delight and surprise when we went last night and Wendy is back! Ah, Rivoli, I will return far more often now. Maybe tomorrow? Our table had the rack of lamb, the scallops, and the duck--all superb. And the appetizers! I always get the soup. Lucked out last night because it was artichoke. Our table also got the portobello fritters, an avocado crostini delight, and a soufflés. Then chocolate budino for dessert. Yum.	 0
We've been wanting to check this place out for dinner and finally got the chance to. The interior of the restaurant was very simple and artistic, there's a view of a garden from the dining room which is very nice. Our dinner was excellent from service to quality of good. Definitely come by for a great culinary experience!	 0
We went last night, Tuesday, to celebrate my mom's birthday.   The food was phenomenal.  We each ordered something different (which allowed me to taste a good portion of the menu).  My favorites were the endive salad with hazelnuts and Pt. Reyes Bleu.  The pan seared cod with fingerings and the dungeness crab/scallop/ snap pea risotto.  Each dish had a vibrant flavor palate and satiated my high standards for quality seasonal foods.  The backyard with large ferns and trees/foliage were nicely lit, adding to the atmosphere.  My only exception was the noise level.  It was very busy, loud, and hard to carry a conversation.  They have cork on the walls.  I think having textured/sound absorbing material might help.  The service was pretty good, too.   Bravo!	 0
Rivoli is absolutely one of my favorite places on Solano avenue.  The ambiance is very relaxing and almost has a serene feel about it.  The staff are always very knowledgeable, attentive, and polite.   The wine list has an amazing selection and their menu never disappoints.  Today we started with the portobello fritters which were thickly sliced, meaty portobello coated with Parmesan and capers on a bed of arugula and aioli on the side for dipping.  It was perfectly crispy and the side of aioli paired well with the saltiness of the Parmesan and capers.  For my meal, I had the pan fried pierogi filled with butternut squash on a bed of cabbage.  The pierogi was perfect and not too doughy and the butternut squash had the hint of sweetness.  You really can't go wrong at this restaurant.  The menu changes quarterly I believe and they always have a dish to appease any eater	 0
Came here with the girlfriend on a Friday night. We had an order of each of their starters for the night: steak tartare, deviled eggs, and oyster. All were tasty and delicately made. For entrees, we had the steak and swordfish. The steak was pretty good but not the best steak I've ever had (which is okay since this isn't a steakhouse). The swordfish, on the other hand, was one of the best seafood dishes I have ever had. The texture was just perfect and the sauces complimented the fish so well.  I highly recommend the swordfish if you want seafood. Will not disappoint!!	 0
OK, after hammering Corso (a review since removed as they're working with us to reconcile things, which is very nice of them) I realized I hadn't yet raved about Rivoli. I love love LOVE Rivoli! We can't get enough. If not for the $350 we drop every time we go there (dinner for four), it would be a weekly occasion for us.  The staff is fantastic. The ambience is fantastic. The fellow diners are fantastic. Wendy does amazing things. Try her soups! You will never look at soup the same way again. Let's see... Rivoli is home of: - The best salad I've ever had - The best soup I've ever had - The best chicken I've ever had - The best pork I've ever had - The best bread pudding I've ever had.  Yeah, I kind of like it there.  Go! Save up your money! Live a little! Eat some Rivoli's!	 0
An Exceptional Gem In El Cerrito.  On a whim I decided to venture out of San Francisco or Marin, and check out a nice East Bay restaurant. Opened my Open Table App, scanned a few spots and this caught my eye.  I had not heard of this place, myself a daily diner,  but I can say that about many in the Mecca of Dining.  I arrived for a late reservation with my wife and parents, where we were warmly greeted by the host.  Our table was ready and as we walked by the open kitchen, the whole staff acknowledged us - which is rare!  The setting in the dining area is gorgeous. The decor itself is minimal, but the atrium with the attentive artistic lighting is really stunning.  We all ordered different dishes and each were amazingly fresh, and thoughtful. All perfectly cooked and seasoned, from Pasta to Steak the dishes were phenomenal - desert was no different.  I have only been to a few restaurants in recent memory that have had all the recipes of greatness without the attitude or pretense.   Do yourself a favor and leave The City or Marin, and see what's cooking at Rivoli. You'll be happy you did.	 0
Just had a great dinner at Rivoli. The food and the service were top notch. Both my wife loved the low-key, but helpful attentive service we received. Our waiter and the rest of the staff were friendly and professional - we both liked how they seemed to have a knack for knowing when we needed something, and then let us enjoy our time together when we didn't.  The food was delightful. The menu isn't huge, but we sampled from their small bites (bacon and steak tartare), a salad, and scallops and steak. Nothing seemed out of place or fussy, and the flavor balance and doneness were spot on. We both enjoyed the wines our waiter recommended, and the bread pudding was decadent but not too sweet.  We're fortunate to have so many great restaurants in the Bay Area. This is another one, and well deserving of a visit.	 0
The food was delicious, and the service was great. These gnocchi was perfectly done. And the chicken two ways? You'd think chicken is kind of boring, but this was flavorful and really well cooked. Also, the servers are great.	 0
Rivoli is just top tier dining. The wine list is great as well as their great specialty cocktails. Then there's the courses to come. I've dined all over the world  and at the very prestigious chez panisse. I have to say rivoli edges it out ever so slightly.  And that place is fantastic! But that is another review. Pacing the courses to me is just as important  as the food itself. The service  that is exemplary knows this all too well. Very attentive but always  monitoring you meals progress. Then there's  the food. I love how you walk by the kitchen as you enter the dining  room. It's so dramatic and sets you up for the evenings dining  experience. There you see the mechanics of the highest level of food preparation. It's extraordinary. Then when you dig in you truly see smell and taste cassic dining at its best. It all comes down to this moment.  The fare is just amazing. Gorgeously presented and wonderful to the palate. I can't  recommend Rivoli enough.	 0
Rivoli just nails it. Beautifully designed and decorated interior that seamlessly extends into the backyard garden, quiet ambiance, prompt and courteous service, tasty dishes and a baller wine list. I've been here now three times in a few short months, each time our table left thrilled. How did I not find out about this place sooner?  Most starters are large enough to share. The portobello fritters are plated elegantly in a sizeable portion. They're decadent (like, southern home cookin' decadent) and the capers explode with flavor - I'm not sure I've ever had good capers prior to this dish. The little gems starter is simple and fresh. The steak tartare has excellent texture and its modest dose of horseradish is perfectly balanced.  I was worried I would overdose on beef, but I went ahead and ordered the steak tartare as my starter and the steak as my main. Maybe it was a bit heavy on the red meat, but I left fat and happy. A whiskey-based cocktail similar to an old fashioned (can't remember which one) cut right through it, possibly saved my life.  A whiskey-based spiritous cocktail (can't remember the name) was-well made, balanced and clean.  The first time I ordered steak medium-rare but it came out well, and the flavor was good but unremarkable. On the next visit I ordered rare and it came out rare, juicy, with perfect texture and flavor. It's dressed simply, so order on the rare side and be specific on doneness. Pair it with the '94 Ravenswood Zinfandel (seriously... I took some convincing to order this bottle but it is fantastic and drinking beautifully).  I've never met a fish I liked, so I can't help you on the seafood menu. My guests have ordered oyster bites and swordfish main and loved them.  Tip: The owner Roscoe is a sommelier and often features off-menu wines. Be sure to ask! He pointed me to a wine I would never have selected without his recommendation. Did I say baller wine list?  I see a pork chop is now on the menu, which means it's time to make a reservation... I wonder if they'll do a pork tartare?	 0
This was the best restaurant during my stay in Berkeley. I was fortunate to get a cozy seat in the bar area by the window. The manager and server were attentive and friendly. The food was the best part. I had the Cod was perfectly cooked with a sauce that had a combination of flavors that integrated well.   Not only did they get the flavor down, the texture of the ingredients contrasted well, adding a further dimension to the dish.  The presentation topped it off.  I wish I had room for dessert. Next time.	 0
Had an amazing meal and experience for the FIL's birthday. Started with wine, oysters, fritters, and soufflé. Then more wine, the coq au vin with a wine sauce, bacon, and gnocchi I couldn't get enough of, and the most decadent dense chocolate cake. I was so stuffed but satisfied. One of the best meals I've ever had. The family also enjoyed the lasagna (unique, lighter than your average lasagna) and the crab risotto (also unique, lemony). I highly recommend for a special occasion!	 0
Went for a 70th birthday and it was great! Great food and the customer service was superb. We had a party of 10 and were treated wonderful. I'll be back.	 0
I love Rivoli and go there often....until they switched chefs. Then it was just never the same. Imagine my delight and surprise when we went last night and Wendy is back! Ah, Rivoli, I will return far more often now. Maybe tomorrow? Our table had the rack of lamb, the scallops, and the duck--all superb. And the appetizers! I always get the soup. Lucked out last night because it was artichoke. Our table also got the portobello fritters, an avocado crostini delight, and a soufflés. Then chocolate budino for dessert. Yum.	 0
We've been wanting to check this place out for dinner and finally got the chance to. The interior of the restaurant was very simple and artistic, there's a view of a garden from the dining room which is very nice. Our dinner was excellent from service to quality of good. Definitely come by for a great culinary experience!	 0
We went last night, Tuesday, to celebrate my mom's birthday.   The food was phenomenal.  We each ordered something different (which allowed me to taste a good portion of the menu).  My favorites were the endive salad with hazelnuts and Pt. Reyes Bleu.  The pan seared cod with fingerings and the dungeness crab/scallop/ snap pea risotto.  Each dish had a vibrant flavor palate and satiated my high standards for quality seasonal foods.  The backyard with large ferns and trees/foliage were nicely lit, adding to the atmosphere.  My only exception was the noise level.  It was very busy, loud, and hard to carry a conversation.  They have cork on the walls.  I think having textured/sound absorbing material might help.  The service was pretty good, too.   Bravo!	 0
Rivoli is absolutely one of my favorite places on Solano avenue.  The ambiance is very relaxing and almost has a serene feel about it.  The staff are always very knowledgeable, attentive, and polite.   The wine list has an amazing selection and their menu never disappoints.  Today we started with the portobello fritters which were thickly sliced, meaty portobello coated with Parmesan and capers on a bed of arugula and aioli on the side for dipping.  It was perfectly crispy and the side of aioli paired well with the saltiness of the Parmesan and capers.  For my meal, I had the pan fried pierogi filled with butternut squash on a bed of cabbage.  The pierogi was perfect and not too doughy and the butternut squash had the hint of sweetness.  You really can't go wrong at this restaurant.  The menu changes quarterly I believe and they always have a dish to appease any eater	 0
Came here with the girlfriend on a Friday night. We had an order of each of their starters for the night: steak tartare, deviled eggs, and oyster. All were tasty and delicately made. For entrees, we had the steak and swordfish. The steak was pretty good but not the best steak I've ever had (which is okay since this isn't a steakhouse). The swordfish, on the other hand, was one of the best seafood dishes I have ever had. The texture was just perfect and the sauces complimented the fish so well.  I highly recommend the swordfish if you want seafood. Will not disappoint!!	 0
OK, after hammering Corso (a review since removed as they're working with us to reconcile things, which is very nice of them) I realized I hadn't yet raved about Rivoli. I love love LOVE Rivoli! We can't get enough. If not for the $350 we drop every time we go there (dinner for four), it would be a weekly occasion for us.  The staff is fantastic. The ambience is fantastic. The fellow diners are fantastic. Wendy does amazing things. Try her soups! You will never look at soup the same way again. Let's see... Rivoli is home of: - The best salad I've ever had - The best soup I've ever had - The best chicken I've ever had - The best pork I've ever had - The best bread pudding I've ever had.  Yeah, I kind of like it there.  Go! Save up your money! Live a little! Eat some Rivoli's!	 0
An Exceptional Gem In El Cerrito.  On a whim I decided to venture out of San Francisco or Marin, and check out a nice East Bay restaurant. Opened my Open Table App, scanned a few spots and this caught my eye.  I had not heard of this place, myself a daily diner,  but I can say that about many in the Mecca of Dining.  I arrived for a late reservation with my wife and parents, where we were warmly greeted by the host.  Our table was ready and as we walked by the open kitchen, the whole staff acknowledged us - which is rare!  The setting in the dining area is gorgeous. The decor itself is minimal, but the atrium with the attentive artistic lighting is really stunning.  We all ordered different dishes and each were amazingly fresh, and thoughtful. All perfectly cooked and seasoned, from Pasta to Steak the dishes were phenomenal - desert was no different.  I have only been to a few restaurants in recent memory that have had all the recipes of greatness without the attitude or pretense.   Do yourself a favor and leave The City or Marin, and see what's cooking at Rivoli. You'll be happy you did.	 0
Just had a great dinner at Rivoli. The food and the service were top notch. Both my wife loved the low-key, but helpful attentive service we received. Our waiter and the rest of the staff were friendly and professional - we both liked how they seemed to have a knack for knowing when we needed something, and then let us enjoy our time together when we didn't.  The food was delightful. The menu isn't huge, but we sampled from their small bites (bacon and steak tartare), a salad, and scallops and steak. Nothing seemed out of place or fussy, and the flavor balance and doneness were spot on. We both enjoyed the wines our waiter recommended, and the bread pudding was decadent but not too sweet.  We're fortunate to have so many great restaurants in the Bay Area. This is another one, and well deserving of a visit.	 0
The food was delicious, and the service was great. These gnocchi was perfectly done. And the chicken two ways? You'd think chicken is kind of boring, but this was flavorful and really well cooked. Also, the servers are great.	 0
Wow, I wish this had been my choice for our monthly girl's night out but can't wait to return.  We were greeted warmly but we were a bit concerned to see the large dining room almost empty at 6:30 pm. My companion had dined here before and assured us that it was worthwhile.  Our server was delightful and happy to make suggestions for our vegan friend. We brought our own bottle of wine and corkage was minimal.   After perusing the menu we decided (a decision can be hard between 4 women that like to eat) on several appetizers. We ordered the Duck Bastilla, Gingered Scallops, Stuffed Avocado, and Cauliflower (that was my personal favorite). I think there may have been one other app but those are the ones that stand out and everything we ate was wonderful. The flavors were as interesting as the presentation. Just thinking about it I begin the salivate. For dessert we ordered the Baklava, which includes roasted banana and pistachios. I confess that I'm not a fan of syrupy sweet Baklava but this wasn't like that and I was scraping the plate for every last morsel.  By the time our meal was finished the place was packed so it's a good sign that this is a hit. I can't wait to come back to try everything on the menu!	 0
Amazing food Guys. We ordered stuffed avocado, malfufa, and chicken kofta  The presentation, the taste and the service - couldn't be any more awesome.	 0
We stumbled upon this place while visiting Berkeley. It has only been open a few months but it looks like they have been paying attention to reviews. Service was fast, the bartender was knowledgeable about the menu, and our food was delivered within 15 of ordering.  La Hoh - this salad was recommended and boy did it deliver. Tangy yogurt dressing, heirloom tomatoes, bell pepper, cucumber, onion and pomegranate seeds over pita. Had a slight kick of heat. Yum!  Lamb sougar- perfectly cooked lamb over smokey baba ganoush, pine nuts and olives. Delish!  Mulfufa- served pipping hot with yummy mustard yogurt sauce. Crispy outside, soft fluffy potatoes inside.   Lots of options for vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters.	 0
Saha advertised itself as participating in Berkeley's Restaurant Week, but didn't have a prix fixe menu (claiming it could no longer offer the Restaurant Week special).    I don't understand how it expects to stay in business with such deceptive practices.	 1
He's HERE!    Chef Mohammad has arrived in Berkeley and the food and space is Fabulous!  Delicious. Check out Saha San Francisco reviews an thank the higher power that Berkeley had the good sense to make a space for his delicious food.	 0
This place opened up where Herbivore used to be, and it is a vegetarians dream! I've been twice and have left happy and full both times. So many of their menu items are vegetarian or vegan, and the ones that aren't vegan can often be made vegan with tofu instead of eggs. Got the Houf Malouf (butchering that spelling) and spinach shaksuka on the different occasions. The service is friendly, although it seems like they're still getting their bearings (they are out of multiple menu items at a given time). This place has been a delicious addition to the berkeley brunch scene!	 0
Lovely service, delightful surprises combining savory with contrasts of sweet, this restaurant space is comfortable and delightful.    I'll be back!	 0
My new favorite restaurant. The decor is superb (I'm loving these chairs), background music is perfect, and their vegan options (stuffed avocado!) are numerous and quite tasty. I will be back, often, to peruse the menu, which is like a blend of Middle East, California and maybe Persian cuisines. Some of their dishes sound so good, I want to chew the menu. Really.  Stellar service (they are really fussing over me...loving it), just so nice to be here, easy to get to, lots of street parking (meters free after 6?). Gonna Yelp them, too. Five stars.	 0
I came, I saw, I at I left extremely happy. Finally another fusion worth writing about on the east bay side of the bridge. The service was great we never felt forgotten and constantly attended to like royalty.  The atmosphere was laid back and the noise factor was wort noting, not loud at all, but the music muffled the other tables conversations perfectly.  Now for the main attraction the food. Can I saw "awesome". We sampled almost a 1/4 of the menu and I have to say everything stood out in it's own way. Then there was the the rice and lamb dish. Who can make Rice taste like "WOW" and I'm just pointing out the rice because I never expected such flavor from just rice.  Now for dessert. You have to try the. Yo Mamma. Lot of surprises packed in to a puff Like pastry. A must try though I truly felt it needed a scoop of ice cream.	 0
My sister lives in Berkeley and has lived here for a couple years - we came to this restaurant because she had heard of it through word of mouth (as she used to go to herbivore). We LOVE Mediterranean food - after visiting Saha for our first time last night - this is officially her favorite restaurant in Berkeley (big deal bc there's a lot of great food here). We are both vegetarian - we ordered the stuffed avocado (amazing), sampler and the falafel. Everything was delicious however the stuffed avocado particularly stands out because of how unique it is. C was our waiter he was unbelievably accommodating, friendly and patient. We also met Fisall (bartender) he made us amazing drinks and was also very friendly and patient with our ordering questions. The service was remarkable - the staff worked as a team very well. I look forward to coming back!!!!!  (My sister already plans to come back with friends in the near future!!!)	 0
A true gem, and a very welcome addition to Downtown Berkeley. We love Middle Eastern and Northern African food, and were very much looking forward to this place. I do agree with other Yelpers here re: service. Even though everyone is super friendly, service can be a little slow and spotty, but the food more than compensates for this. We had five different smaller plates and two desserts:  - Octopus salad: one of the best octopus textures (soft, not rubbery or tough at all) with a great mix of flavors. The salad has roasted grapes that I wasn't sure about when reading the menu but they add brightness and acidity to the dish. - Baked cauliflower: if you get it, eat it first. It's very tasty but a little more nuanced and delicate that the rest of the dishes we ordered. The sauce it is served with (it's kind of like a creamier tahini of sorts) is super good. - Chicken bastilla: I've never had bastilla before but had heard of it. It is kind of a chicken pie, wrapped in phyllo. It's a great mix of moist chicken with sweet and cinnamon. They also have a duck variation I am totally having next time. - Lahem Sougar (lamb with sumac and pine nuts over baba ganoush): by far one of the best lamb dishes I have _ever_ had. Pink and soft lamb, carefully cooked and full of smoke and charred flavors over one of the best baba ganoush and harissa sauces I've had. This dish alone is worth a visit. Just take it easy with the harissa. It is fierce. - Kofta (lamb meatballs): this one came a close second to the Lahem Sougar. Three meatballs, perfectly grilled (beautifully pink and soft inside) with hummus and a tomato-y sauce that was as fresh as it could.  We also had two desserts that were also delicious (pear tart and banana baklava).  Definitely a new favorite.	 0
Came here for lunch with my friends on a Saturday. It was not very crowded. I ordered the kale and Quinoa salad. It was fabulous. It blew me away. I couldn't believe it was so good. My friends both thought their food was excellent. Highly recommend this place. Yummy.	 0
Quality food- my Lebanese aunt (amazing cook) would approve.  Some of my faves were the Saha sampler, Lahem Sougar and to my surprise the Salmon baklava- I tend to dislike too much combination of sweet and savory but this one really worked for me!  Reading other reviews below, the critiques on service seemed a bit harsh to me. I visited twice within the first two weeks of their opening, so I think the hostesses were getting adjusted and maybe new to the job- give em a break. I found the wait staff to be very friendly and relatable, left me with a good feeling.  This restaurant is a valuable addition to Berkeley, especially now that Zatar is closed.	 0
Wow. Excellent. We had a 9-person birthday party. My sister in law spent months talking with chef and staff - and they made everything perfect. The wait staff were super attentive (really!). The food was wonderful- pasta with cremini mushrooms, roasted sea bass was awesome, and chocolate ganache bar was perfect.   The room itself is itself is perfect for a special night out, celebrations and weddings. There is a theater downstairs- makes for a perfect night out.	 0
At first when my Dad had recommended coming to Julia's and I had checked their Yelp reviews, I was taken aback back the minimal number of reviews. However, after dining here, I realized that there was a lot of beauty in how small-scale and secretive it was.   Both our server and host were incredibly kind. They both had warm personalities, making us feel like regulars at this place my parents and I were trying for the first time. They also paid close attention to our drinks, refilling them very frequently. As someone who drinks a lot of water with their meals, I loved this.  My parents and I decided to start with the burrata, one of my all time favorite cheeses. It came on top of a bed of sliced celery with a few radishes on top, all drizzled with a liberal amount of olive oil. It was absolutely delicious! The celery was the perfect balance of crunch to go with the silky cheese, and the radishes gave it a little kick. (5/5)  I don't eat meat too often, but when I'm with my parents I tend to because they don't believe in vegetarianism (lol). So I got the tenderloin...and I gotta say.......it was fucking amazing. When asked how I'd like it cooked, I just said whatever the chef recommended would be fine. The sauce it came with was divine. The white polenta that it came with was good, but nothing too great or bad to say about it. Only downside was the piece of tenderloin was quite small. Although it was fine for me, if you're looking for something that has a better value, I'd probably skip this one unless you're really into beef. (5/5)  My Dad got the pork chop which I had a bite of and it was super juicy! The piece of the meat was a lot bigger than the tenderloin, so if you're hungry and want a better value, definitely go for this! I absolutely LOVED the bed of farro and mushrooms that it laid on. I wish that came with my tenderloin!! (5/5)  My Mom got the salmon which came on a bed of greens. The salmon was cooked really nicely, soft on the inside but crispy on the outside. My only complaint was the greens which were paired with a sort of sweet/sour sauce, or at least their version of it. Decent but I preferred mine/my Dad's dishes. (4/5)  For dessert, the three of us shared the fig cake with brown sugar ice cream. I've never had either fig cake nor brown sugar ice cream. Loved the mixture of the two and that it came with a fig cut in half as well. (4/5)  Overall, I really enjoyed Julia's. It's in a historic building in Berkeley that radiates elegance. A true gem that I'm glad I stumbled upon with my family. My only complaint is I wish there were more pescatarian/vegetarian options for entrees. Everything on the entree menu was meat, except for the one salmon. Otherwise, I loved Julia's and will definitely come back for a special night out!	 0
The one thing I love about Restaurant Week is it opens my eyes to restaurants I had no idea even existed and finding that gem that I would return to again throughout the year, often introducing others to my new find.    The location is rave worthy in itself.  Nestled in the Berkeley City Club, a historic hotel, private social club, and event venue is Julia's.  Named after Julia Morgan whose architecture is throughout this place, you might just feel like you are dining at Hearst Castle instead of Berkeley between campus and downtown.  You ring the bell, get buzzed in and go up the stairs to the second floor where Julia's is at the right of the stairs.    Unfortunately parking can be a challenge especially if you happen to be here when there is a Cal game and a Cal Performance the same night like we encountered.  It ended up taking hubby almost an hour to find parking and then had to hike in since all the lots were full.  Without the multiple events however, there is a lot on Ellison close by.    Members get a discount when dining at Julia's so the clientele does tend to be more mature and therefore a dressier establishment (jacket not required but no jeans and sneakers either).  However, it never feels stuffy, but instead intimate and quiet provided there isn't an event being held on the other side of the floor.  Service was excellent and our server Jessica came around periodically to keep me company while I was waiting 40 minutes for hubby to show up because of the parking.    Between the two of us, I had ordered the two appetizer choices, the steelhead and short rib for entrée, and chocolate bar and crème fraiche panna cotta for dessert.  I had started on my roasted red beet appetizer while waiting and they were so considerate to hold off on the kabocha soup until he arrived so it would be nice and hot.  Every bite of the roasted beets and the kabocha squash soup left you wanting more that it was a wonder there was any beets left when he arrived.  The poached steelhead was perfectly cooked and tender served over a bed of spinach while the saltiness of the short ribs was offset by the creamy polenta.  Personally I preferred the poached fish as the short rib was a bit too salty for me, but again, I understand that they need bold flavors to stand up to the polenta.    It was probably because I had the chocolate first that made the panna cotta seem bland in comparison but I really enjoyed that chocolate ganache bar paired with a light lavender Chantilly cream.  I rarely like floral flavors in my food and often lavender overpowers a dessert but this one gave me just the perfect hint of lavender to go with my rich chocolate ganache and cake bar.    After dinner, we walked across the hall into what looked like their library filled with vintage books for the second time making me feel like I am in Hearst Castle or Downton Abbey's Highclere.  I couldn't help but linger secretly hoping that an after dinner drink would appear in my hand along with Lady Mary.	 0
My bff wanted a fancy French dinner so after reading lots of Yelp reviews we decided on Julias and it was amazing! As we walked in we felt like members of an exclusive club and in on a wonderful secret....it is old school glam/charm yet it's quaint and warm and the staff was very welcoming. The chicken liver terrine melts in your mouth and my steak was perfectly cooked. My friend really enjoyed the duck breast but we both agreed the steak was the star and so was the wine..we will be back!	 0
One of the best service we seen in a while. Very attentive waitresses. They must have changed our silverware 4 times!! I dropped my napkin on the floor and they where quick to replace. I was going to just reuse. Very detailed service oriented. Nice duck plate. Delicious marinade and flavor. Steak dish was nicely cooked to perfection. Must make reservation ahead of time. It's an intimate setting and they don't let this place get crowded. A great evening with good company,  ambient setting, and delicious dishes.	 0
What a great little place! Located in a hotel that is nestled in a neighborhood near downtown Berkeley, I would've never found this place if it wasn't for restaurant week. Honestly, I thought we were lost when my friends and I pulled up to the location. We walked up to the front doors, rang the door bell for service, stated we were there for dinner, and were buzzed in.   Julia's is on the second floor of this beautiful historic hotel. The restaurant itself is about the size of a small conference room but definitely very classy - the decor was so elegant and the service was great. I ordered the kabocha squash soup, the braised short rib, and the chocolate ganache bar. The soup could have been a bit thicker in consistency but tasted great. The braised short rib was so delicious! Every bite was melted in your mouth and full of flavor - even the sautéed kale at the bottom was yummy. I'm a huge chocolate person so the ganache bar was amazing - the lavender chantilly was a bit overpowering but it was a good pairing with the thick chocolate consistency of the rest of the dessert. If that sounds too sweet for you, I would recommend the pan cotta - very refreshing and just as good. Enjoy!	 0
Beautiful venue.  Beautiful food. Upon entering the building I thought, "Why does this place remind me of Hearst Castle?"....same architect.  Salad, crepe, salmon ( see photos)..it was delicious.  I was astounded by the surroundings .	 0
It is amazing what this small place achieves. I had the sunchoke risotto with wild mushrooms and black truffles. My wife had the pork chop. While the pork chop was good, the risotto was out of this world amazing. Great service, tables generously spaced (you are not sitting in your neighbor's lap), and quiet ambiance. A perfect place pre-Zellerbach, or just to meet old or new friends.	 0
We made a last minute reservation for a date night dinner on a Friday night. We were promptly seated when arrived. Both of us ordered lamb chops that were delicious. What impressed us the most was the side vegetables which included English peas, asparagus, water chestnut. And it was fresh and perfectly cooked! We shared a chocolate ganache torte with olive oil ice cream with a glass of 20-year tawny port, it was quite incredible and I would definitely go back just to have the same dessert again, all by myself! How can one not like a historical building that was so beautifully designed by Julia Morgan. We can't wait to go back!	 0
Wow! This is the best kept secret in Berkeley!  The food was amazing.  My wife and I dined tonight to celebrate a special occasion.  Below is a list of our order:  Butter Lettuce Salad Burrata Cheese Roasted Beets Chicken Liver Pate  Grilled Flat Iron Steak  Chocolate Ganache Torte with Lavender Ice Cream  Half Bottle of 2013 Navarro Winery Pinot Noir  The wine list is very impressive. The Navarro Pinot Noir was a City Club member highlight and was very tasty.  My wife opted to choose a few starters as her meal and we were not disappointed.  The chicken liver and roasted beets were incredible highlights for the evening.  For my entree, I chose the flat iron steak.  The steak initially came out as medium when I asked for medium rare.  I told the server and she immediately brought it back to the kitchen and refired a new steak for me.  The mushrooms on the steak were divine.    The chef offered to comp our desert, which was a nice gesture.  The torte was delicious and was an incredible way to end an amazing meal.  I will definitely come back for more.  I would love to keep this place a secret for myself, but it is just too damn good not to share.  Side notes:  Street parking after 6PM is free, so it wasn't too hard to find.  The service was excellent.  The food was amazing and the presentation was lovely.  I have been to Michelin star restaurants and did not have as good as an experience as Julia's.	 0
Two of us drove from Sonoma County to meet up with our friend that lives in Berkeley. We had reservations for 6pm. I called to ask if we could arrive early as traffic was so light we got to Berkeley in record time. The hostess agreed that we could come in at 5:30.  Parking was great, probably due to the Christmas break, so we were able to part in front. We met with the hostess at 5:11 and were told to wait in the bar because the chef likes to "be true to our reservations". I have never heard that line used anywhere before. Only one table in the place had diners however we were still made to wait. I asked for a particular table and the hostess said that it was for three people! Our reservation were for 3 and the 3 of us were standing right there. She couldn't have been more nonsensical. She told me by phone that the corkage was $15 however when the bill came we were charged $18. It may not have been a bait and switch, but probably more hostess incompetence. The food and the service were actually good, and the venue is interesting. I am not sure its worth putting up with the self indulgent attitude.	 1
Wow! Friends had made a reservation for 5.30 p.m. yesterday, Tuesday, ahead of a theater 8.00 p.m. event. I was immediately struck by the understated formality and soft acoustics, and the Julia Morgan architecture. The food was superb. We had a starter each, trying 3 of the salads. Delicious. Especially my olive vinaigrette. I had the lamb rack with the chickpea panisse. Awesome. The other three had the salmon was lovely. Service was first class. Background noise was muted. Conversation easy. An all round great experience.	 0
For dinner a friend selected Julia's at the Berkeley City Club.  Julia's is not exclusive to members only, but members do have priority on reservations.   The atmosphere is pleasant and relaxing in this grand old building built by Julia Morgan, along with the Hearst Castle.  The service is impeccable with total attention to detail.  We asked the waiter (Scott) for wine suggestions and he brought back two samples!!!  The food was outstanding.   I had the Pork Chop, which was one of the best I have ever had with a delicious sauce.  The wines are unbelievably reasonably priced and of quality.  They have a nice dessert menu.  The Chocolate Ganache was heaven, if you like chocolate.  And where can anyone get a cup of coffee for $1.00 even outside of Berkeley?  If you are up for delicious food with great service don't pass up Julia's!!!	 0
Lousy service & very snotty. Restaurant is practically empty, with large wedding party outside but would not seat us. Won't be coming back.	 1
This place hasn't alway been just okay, but now it's current chef is fantastic. Really fresh, flavorful food and great service.	 0
Came here because my friend brought me here for lunch. I didn't really know much about Tibetan food, but she was an expert so I just listened to all her menu  suggestions. We got the Momo combo: potato momos and veggie momos, and I got the Tibetan tea as well.  Potato momos: These were my favorite out of the whole meal. The inside of the momo was filled with curried potatoes and green onions. It's really savory and filling. The potatoes were really fragrant and delicious.  Veggie momos: The veggie momos were filled with spinach and other vegetables. It's definitely different from the potato momos. The vegetables inside were slightly salty and savory as well.   Both momos were so big that i couldn't eat it one whole momo in one bite. I paired with the spicy sauce and it tasted great. I really enjoyed the sauce too! If you like spicy. I definitely recommend it! After a while it made my nose sniffle haha.  My friend recommended me to try the Tibetan Tea, it's made with butter and salt. When I tried it I was surprised by the saltiness of it. It was something new and interesting! Not sure if I would get it again haha because I like my drinks sweet /sweet tooth/.   Overall: the atmosphere of the restaurant was really pleasant. There wasn't a lot of customers when we were eating so service was easy and quick, convenient! One more thing, the bathroom was really clean and nice, that's very important to me. I definitely would want to come back to try more Tibetan foods! And have more potato momos!	 0
This is one of those times we thought we were going somewhere else and ended up here.  These events have always turned out to be exceptions experiences and today is no different. .   The young man who helped us barely spoke English but was so sweet and professional.  The food was an infusion of Asian, Thai and Indian.  Flavorful, savory, not too spicy but just right!  I had the garlic steamed broccoli and curry chicken, my husband had spring rolls and ginger beef.  Lots of meat and veggies in both meals and a choice of white, fried or brown rice.  Portion sizes are large, we are taking home a second meal!	 0
Great authentic Tibetan food! Reasonably priced, wonderful atmosphere, lovely owners/staff!	 0
My boyfriend and I had dinner here on a Thursday night and the food was delicious. We ordered the Combo Momos, Braised Lamb and Beef Curry. The place is quiet, cozy, and conducive to conversation. Will definitely be back to try other items on the menu.	 0
I have never understood why this place isn't more crowded.  It's one of my favorite restaurants on Solano.  The Shambala Curry is excellent. Get it with Ting Mo, the special Tibetan steamed bread, instead of rice.  The staff are all very friendly.  And now, it looks like they've lowered their prices, so now it's a good deal too!	 0
This place was amazing!! From the moment we walked in, we were kindly greeted by the host and owner. We informed our server that it was our first time trying Tibetan food and without hesitation, she recommended amazing dishes with full on descriptions. You must try the eggplant basil dish (vegan friendly), chicken and beef MOMO dumplings, chicken fried rice, beef fried noodles and the Basa Fish. Do not forget to order the Tibetan tea (tea with milk, butter and salt) and the sweet ginger hot tea, which is the same as the Tibetan tea but just a little bit on the sweet side. These were all amazing dishes! Definitely a must try! We will be returning back soon!	 0
This place is a bit bipolar.  We had two dishes.  The green beans and chicken was amazing (12 dollars).  Then the huge beef momos (11 dollars) came out which the owner recommended but the flavorless beef was chewy and had big pieces of inedible sinew.  Disgusting.  There was no sauce for the momos and we were told to use the chili oil which was ineffective in giving the momos any flavor.  The green tea was cheap for two dollars a pot but it had no flavor.  The atmosphere was really clean and cute.  Too bad the food was just all over the place and inconsistent.   With tip, 32 dollars for lunch is just too much for one inedible dish and one very good dish.  Probably won't come back.	 1
I had been longing to taste momos, I am used to, back in Mussoorie, India. And, today, am so thankful to have found this place. Best vegetarian momos!	 0
I came here for lunch with my co-workers. We were the actually the only one here for lunch. At first we almost ran because we weren't sure if they were even open!   Service:  The server was very friendly, professional, and attentive (except for when we came in - maybe he was busy in the back?) But he was very patient with us as we asked what some of the terms were on the menu.   Food:  Hand-Pulled Noodle Soup - This really hit the spot! It's total comfort food for me and it reminds of chicken noodle soup when I would get sick. The noodles were al dente (perfection!) and there were plenty of veggies and meat. I would absolutely order then again!  Chicken Sambala - This was a curry based dish. Spicy. But loved loved loved it! The consistency was perfect and the all the flavors were there.   Basil Chicken - This was one of be least favorite dish, but it was still pretty darn good! I think it was more on the sweet side, which I didn't really like. But it went really well with the bread (timgo???).   Overall:  I would definitely reocmmend this place!	 0
Delicious food (mo Mo's are authenticly awesome). Shambala veggie curry is great too. Very kid friendly. Love this place!	 0
I had the BEST curry (shambala lamb curry) I've had in this country! and the dumplings are incredible. we arrived wet and cold and were invigorated quickly by warm tea and DELICIOUS food. 100% recommend it!! support your local, interesting restaurants and be so happy you did.	 0
I love going to this Tibetan Resturant. It's peaceful and quiet when I most needed. I especially love the lunch special they have every lunch hours. I especially love that Beef Sir Fried Noodle with bell peppers, green onions, bok choy, and squash with jasmine tea. I like the green tea ice cream as well. The waitress is very nice. I wouldnt mind stopping there again for lunch.	 0
Nomad Tibetan is the best! I chose this place because of the excellent Yelp reviews, and Yelp did not disappoint! Dined here with two friends from Seattle who moved to SF within the past two years. We ordered the fried rice with chicken, the grilled salmon which comes with sweet chili sauce, the Thaen-Thuk which is hand-cut noodles with beef, and the momo which is steamed hand-wrapped dumplings (8 pieces) half with beef and half with pork.   Our waiter who also happened to be the store manager/owner Sangyal was the best. The restaurant the night we visited was mostly empty, which was unusual for since usually it's hoppin' busy. It was probably because it had been rainy all week, and that night was especially foggy and eerie out after dark. Sangyal was helpful when he took our order. We didn't know what to order so we looked at what Yelpers suggested. We tried to get the Thaen-Thuk hand-cut noodles with chicken, but he said, "Beef is better."  We also tried to get the momo (dumplings) with pork, but again he said, "Beef is better."    It's not because Sangyal was trying to upsell the menu items; beef was not more expensive than chicken or pork. He was simply giving us his recommendation, which we appreciated greatly, as did our tastebuds. He let us get half pork and half beef because he could tell that I really wanted pork. I ended up liking the pork momo more, but that's just my taste preferences. My friends who betrayed Seattle for SF enjoyed them all.   Water was filled often and promptly. I asked Sangyal to take a photo of us and he did a great job as photographer.   Music was at just the right volume. They even played some Mandarin music, which I understood! Extra credit goes to Nomad Tibetan!  They take American Express, always a bonus. However, it didn't matter for me because my friends refused to let me pay. I hope they tipped well!   I will be suggesting this place whenever my mom's office needs catered lunches. The price was just right, the service was exceptionally superb, and I would definitely return again next time I'm in Berkeley.	 0
Before I say anything, our server for the night (Lisa) deserves an extra special mention.  I wish there was a separate section to give a server a rating.  She deserves TEN stars out of 5! She was incredibly attentive despite how busy it was, paid great attention to detail (i have 5 food allergies), was very warm, friendly, and kind.  Love her !   I came here with 2 of my closest friends for a special occasion (it was the day before my birthday). I made the reservations a month in advance, and I forgot that it was during Dine-Out time.  When we walked in it was extra loud and extra busy, and they sat us down at a tiny table that was really meant for 2 people.  There was no way we were going to be comfortable here.  My friend kindly requested for another table if it was possible.  We were quickly moved to a larger table where we had plenty of room.  We were very happy with how our server was able to fulfill this request!    Lisa was very helpful with making recommendations for cocktails.  She suggested that we might want to add vodka or gin to the non alcoholic beverages (which I didn't know was an option!).  I forgot the name of it but I got a blueberry/pomegranate drink with vodka.  I like how they use all organic juices and house made syrup!  I ordered the chickpea fritters which was beautifully presented and had the most delectable curry mayo.  I should have probably asked if it was possible to purchase this buy the jar (or by the case).  I could see myself putting it on EVERYTHING!  I also appreciated that whenever Lisa came with each course, she would explain all the elements that went into each dish.  It highlighted that each dish was complex in its own way with very well balanced flavours.  It also just made me feel kind of fancy and special to hear that I was going to eat something so well made and delicious.  Thank you for taking the time to do that Lisa!  For my main course I got the Mushroom Cavatelli with a side of the 48-hour short rib ($8 add on).  I was so glad that I added the short rib because the creaminess of the mushroom sauce and the savoury-ness of the short rib was a perfect pairing.  I had to eat it extra slow because I didn't want the saucey savour-y party to end!   For desert, i got the lemon meringue parfait, which was presented with a lighted candle for my birthday!  This was such a nice surprise, I truly felt like a birthday girl haha.  I thought it was a really nice special touch to make my night that much more memorable.   Overall I can see why this place gets RAVING reviews about the fine-dining level cuisine and exceptionally memorable service.  Thanks for making my pre-birthday dinner AH-MAYYYZZZ-INGG	 0
This is a must have Canadian brunch.  Parking is a breeze in the residence, but be sure to leave a car's length gap between your car and the stop sign.  Double check permits.  The Pulled Pork Pancakes were a dream and the Eggs Benedict with ham was amazing.    The savory + sweet + spicy from the picked jalapenos JUST WORKED and the compressed hasbrown was a properly elevated mcdonalds hashbrown farm to table.  The ham in the Benedict was easy to chew and NOT salty like the ham in the US.  Great meal and subtly different from what I've had in the past.	 0
Very impressed with this place. I had the French toast and added a side of sausage. The sausage was very tender and not at all dry or overly fatty.  The French toast with Berry compote and pecans was delicious. It truly hit hit the spot. Service was outstanding. My coffee and water were never less than half full. Value was there and I left with a full belly and a smile on my face.	 0
I'D LIKE TO GIVE THIS A 6 STAR RATING, PLZ, YELP, PLZ.  I came here with bae on a Wednesday night to celebrate a special occasion. Immediately upon entry, our server was so unbelievably friendly, upbeat, relatable, generous, and attentive to us. She truly defined EXCELLENCE when it comes to providing service. I don't know what her name was but she had very light blond hair that was cut in a short bob (plz congratulate her). She gave us an immediately GLOWING first impression.  It was easy for me to decide what to order once I saw "PESTO" and "GNOCCHI" in the same sentence. Our server confirmed that this was, indeed, her favourite dish as well and this made me all the more excited for when it did come out. And it came out very quickly so there was not too much anticipation, thankfully!  Once the plate touched down onto our table, I ogled it. I've seen beautiful plating like this on "Master Chef" but NEVER before my own eyes. It was like a beautiful, colourful, textured garden filled with zucchini, tomatoes, sprouts, pesto, gnocchi, and a beautiful caramel-coloured onion glaze.   It tasted even better. I swear that my eyes watered when I first bit into this. It was heaven. The gnocchi was unlike any gnocchi that I have ever had before. They were larger than most and they had a fluffy texture instead of being dense. So, it was LITERALLY like biting into little, fluffy, perfect pillows of heaven. The pesto sauce was subtle but it complemented the onion glaze perfectly, which was slightly sweet but had a roasted component to it. The pesto sauce also complemented the roasted vegetables perfectly as well. Wow, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. This meal was truly a life-changing experience for me.  And then we had dessert and I died. We ordered a s'mores dessert which had crumbled brownie bits, chocolate ice cream, caramel, and a toasted lemon and marshmallow meringue on top. There was every kind of taste and texture imaginable in here: sweet, salty, sour, chewy, crunchy, soft... everything worked so well together. It was an ORCHESTRA of flavours.  Leaving this place, I felt so satisfied on both a physical and emotional level. I felt nourished, cared for, respected, adored, in a nutshell, I felt like a MILLION DOLLARS. I want to come back here all the time. I want cry at every meal. I want to melt into my food. I don't even know what I am saying anymore, their food is so good that it makes you nonsensical.  (AND YES THE CAPS LOCK WAS NECESSARY!)	 0
Hello Mr. Kathy S no my review is for you infact, yes you are right may be I am wrong in telling what we ordered there but it's true that we had an awesome time at your spot, that's what I remember lol This time i am giving you 5 star for your correction. Keep it up (y)	 0
Food tasted amazingly fresh. I had the eggs benedict with the ham along with the pulled pork Johnny cakes. The hollandaise sauce was not overpowering with the lemon juice, which pulled in all of the subtle flavors of the delicious ham. I usually don't like savory and sweet dishes, but the Johnny cakes was an exception. I loved the pulled pork and jalapeños stuffed in the pancake, and it was so flavorful that I didn't even need to add maple syrup to it. Service was exceptional and the waitresses there were patient with our big group of 7. I would definitely come back.	 0
Intense flavors, fantastic presentation, cool vibe.  I came here for dinner on a weeknight and the place was moderately filled. The staff is friendly and straight forward. I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat and my waiter was very good at describing the menu--concise!  I ended up getting sold on the special for the night: spotted shrimp with a thick piece of bacon along with other fixings.  The aroma of this dish made me melt in my seat. The flavors all blended together so well, they controlled the bacon awesomeness so it wouldn't overpower the other ingredients.  I will return then next time I'm in Vancouver!	 0
Came here for brunch with friends and I have to say that it was an absolute delight.  Service was impeccable, and prompt.  Food was delicious.  The server recommended the scrambled egg with brioche bread and I have to say it was top notch.  It was different from other breakfasts I have tried.   I really appreciated how kid-friendly this restaurant is as well.  My friend has a one year old and they even brought out a box of toys and extra napkins for the inevitable mess.     I really liked how the tables were spaced out enough that I didn't feel crowded either.   Overall  Service: 5/5 Food: 5/5 Atmosphere: 5/5	 0
So far this is the best Momo I ever had. I tried Momo at other Tibet Restaurant but it is not as good as this one. The Shambala Chicken is very tasty. I have to bring my own chili sauce when I came here couple times, since the chili sauce here is too oily and not spicy.  Overall, the foods are good and the service is good. The waiter paid good attention at our glass, he filled it up as soon as he saw our glass were empty.	 0
This dining experience was fantastic. I was on the wait list on a Friday night and got in there for dinner within 30 minutes. The place is small but has a very nice vibe. I felt comfortable the moment I came in.   Don't let the name fool you, it's not some rustic tavern that put in tables as an afterthought. This is a sit down restaurant and they definitely don't serve bar food.   The menu is small but very high quality. I was honestly surprised how long it took me to pick my meal with such a small menu. Frankly, every dish sounded solid.   The staff was very courteous and responsive. I ordered the duck dish. It was very well prepared. It was probably the best duck I've ever had. It was tender, juicy, and the sauce was great.   Nice atmosphere, great service, amazing food. I definitely recommend this place.	 0
Went here for our one year anniversary and the food was impeccable. We had cocktails, wine, meat + cheese board, steaks, and a flourless chocolate cake. When I told them I was allergic to gluten, they made me fresh gluten free crackers for the charcuterie! Too cool - that's never happened in my six years of being gluten intolerant. Great service. Everything about this restaurant is awesome.	 0
We love Wood Tavern! Great food for a special (but casual) occasion. Last time we were here, we sat at the "chef's counter". I don't recommend it unless you like the heat, because that part of the kitchen was churning out chicken and fish all night, I had to strip down to a t-shirt midway through dinner. Otherwise, this place always delivers tasty food and nice service.	 0
To start the service and waitress was terrific, the wine selection consisted of many local wineries to which you can sample before ordering. Big plus, we came in on a double date with friends for the night to catch up. Really intimate with a beautiful layout, we were seated in the back with the huge round table. Nice touch and we sat comfortably with our group. Our waitress treated us with a five star touch and outed or wine for us as we sat and talked throughout the night. Since we had a previous bad experience with steak we decided to do our redo here and try their steak servings.        The only downfall was the wait time for our meals, we ordered a bottle of wine so it helped pass the time. However I noticed groups were being served before us as we waited and it became a 40 plus minute wait. Maybe it was me or our waitress being courteous to our dinner conversation but as the night dragged on it did become annoying to all of us in our group. Once the food came, there were no regrets on picking this restaurant as the food was cooked to perfection and very delicious.        I will have to come back again and give this place a try to update my review, but overall very professional and courteous staff.	 1
Got seated at the bar on a packed Tuesday night. A very small wait, but it was a 3 hour wait for a table. Okay, bar it is. I ordered the pork chop and ribeye steak with demi glace. Waited over an hour AFTER I ordered my meals and both were overly salty and anticlimactic. People who were seated after I put in my order, finished their meal before I even got mine. Although I must mention that their meats were cooked perfectly! The male bartender kept apologizing for the wait and kept refilling our drinks and talking to us while we waited. The food wasn't horrible or anything along those lines, but I just can't justify spending another $30+ per entree on food that just taste basic.	 1
Wood Tavern was great.  I have no complaints.  Okay, maybe a tiny one - it gets a bit loud in here.  Other than that though, fantastic experience.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting.  The hostesses and servers are friendly.  The prices are fair for the seemingly posh-y neighborhood and the portions are generous.  We had an array of things and everything was delicious.  Of particular note were the foie gras terrine, chicken liver pate, and the burger - all of these were excellent.  It looks like there is a bit of gridlock through this part of town, so I wouldn't drive personally.  We took BART which drops you off quite close to the restaurant, so it'd just be a short walk.	 0
A Top 10-ever dining experience!  Showed up on a Sunday in late-August, a few minutes before opening, hoping for 4-seats at the bar, as Open Table showed zero openings. Our timing was fortuitous, as we were offered the Chef's Table, and went on to experience a wonderful evening of attentive service and superb food!  We started w/ Proseco Cocktails, and an Old Fashioned w/ rye that was for the ages!  For starters, we had an arugula salad, 2 orders of pork belly, and my favorite, chicken liver pâté'--damn! I didn't try the greens, but the pork was perfectly crispy, and the black-eyed peas, avocado crema, peppers and peaches were a savory--sweet bit of goodness. As for the pâté', throw in some candied fig and gherkin-mustard-onion, and plenty of buttered crostini, and oh my . . . could have made a meal from it!!  Entrees were the half-chicken x 2, and Risotto. The chicken was first browned on 1-side in a skillet, the fat drained off during this process. Then, it was placed skillet-in-oven to finish. The flavor? Fried chicken, tender and juicy. I substituted mashed potatoes for fingerlings, and feel I got the better plate over my dinner mates. My wife had the risotto w/ lobster mushrooms and summer squash. Two bites of this dish made me a believer!  We wrapped up the meal w/ a piece of chocolate hazelnut roulade: fresh, creamy and chocolaty goodness!!  Kudos to Dre' and Jeff and the rest of the staff for a WONDERFUL meal!!!  Cheers! RS	 0
Been looking forward to eating here for a long time only to be disappointed. The restaurant was very loud, service was very slow, our waiter forgot to order drinks and the pan seared chicken dinner was uneatable. It appeared and tasted like the chef dumped the box of bread crumbs on the chicken and it tasted like cardboard.	 1
I have been to this restaurant about three times now and each time has been amazing. Great local spot with tasty food and great cocktails. We had a reservation for 4 last night and unfortunately the table wasn't ready during our reservation time so the host comped our first round of drinks! That was such a great gesture and of course a  tasty and strong cocktail was an awesome way to start the meal. Loved the ribeye steak, and actually all four of us ordered the same thing haha. There was not one morsel of food left in any of our plates. Highly recommend! I would also like to recommend the chicken patte, but if I go there next time and it's sold out, we are going to have some problems!!	 0
Celebrated a friend's birthday here. What a great find! The dishes were all tremendous. Prepared perfectly. Meat dishes were succulent and flavorful. Appetizers were amazing. Desserts were fantastic. You can't go wrong with any item on their menu!	 0
I really don't get what everyone is raving about when it comes to this place. I was so excited to go to try the duck.  We got there a few minutes early and had cocktails at the bar.  I didn't know you could come here 'as you are', I guess I wasted two hours getting ready for dinner.  People were in here in their sweat pants and looking pretty comfy so I had the wrong impression of this place from the get go.  It was extremely loud in the room, there is no ambiance.  We ordered a salad to share, the Duck for me and the Fish for my husband.  When the entrees finally arrived I couldn't wait to try the Duck.  My husband took the first bite of his fish and mentioned the sauce on the bottom tasted like Lipton Soup Mix, super salty. So I had my first bite of the Duck and low and behold, my food was so salty I was bummed I didn't bring my diuretics with me.  I had to send it back. The new order came and was still very salty (gross) but I was starving and I sucked it up and ate it anyways.  What a let down.  This chef must watch chopped because they always say ' more salt'?   I literally gained 4 pounds of water retention from this meal.  No bueno	 1
The plate sizes were perfect for me. I ordered the carrot soup and a tuna fish in miso glaze. Both dishes were amazing. Nice environment and nice decorations. We made reservations for around 8pm with wasn't to bad of time. We also did valet parking.  Being from out of town and just vising for a few days, this place was great. Glad I found it on yelp!	 0
Excellent, excellent.  We came here for our anniversary dinner.  We had an early dinner since that was the only time they had available to us.   Service was great.  They gave us a cute card wishing us a Happy Anniversary.  That's new.    Toro Sashimi: My first time having Toro in Canada and was it the best in my life and for the price it was basically a steal compared to America.   Sablefish: What everyone said about the Sablefish is true.  It melts in your mouth with goodness. Caramelia Chocolate Panna Cotta: Omg.  What a great way to end my meal.  the frozen tequila was freshing without the buzz.  I wanted to lick everything off the plate. The mango cilantro compote almond streusel was absolutely.  I have my eye on that seafood tower next time I'm in the area.	 0
This is a great restaurant in Yaletown. They have valet parking available if there is not any street parking.   Since they specialized in seafood, we started off with their seafood plateau, which contains  oysters, prawns, mussels, clams, jellyfish and scallop ceviche. The oysters come with a raspberry vinaigrette which was a nice complement. Everything else was fresh and tasty.  My wife got the sablefish, which is one of their most popular dishes and it was really good. Better than the sushi dish I got. The sushi was good, but the sablefish was just better.  Even though they may not have a kids' menu, they do offer some dishes for the little ones and are very accommodating to kids. They can do like a chicken breast or fish and chips. We opted for chicken breast with some accompanied vegetables. It was way bigger than our toddler could eat but was prepared really nicely. The chicken had a great crispy skin and seasoned well. They also had whole milk, but be warned that they don't have plastic cups, so bring your own if you need it.   It's a really popular place with a great atmosphere. I enjoyed my dinner here and would come back if I had the chance.	 0
My boyfriend treated me for my birthday dinner here and the whole experience was amazing. I felt like a super special person and will definitely be back.   They wrote me a nice happy birthday note which was on the table upon our arrival. Our server was super attentive and knowledgable on the menu.   We had the seafood cerviche to start. Then he had the sable fish and I had the halibut. I'm not a huge miso glaze fan but still liked the sable fish. The halibut was amazing and came with a rich buttery sauce. We had the dark chocolate lava cake to end, which had a happy birthday note :)   The bread came out quickly in the beginning with a lentil spread and a lemon butter, which were both great.   We both had cocktails and they were good.   Overall, I loved our experience here and can't wait to come back and share the food here with my friends and coworkers!	 0
The service here is absolutely five star! We started with two different champagnes that we wanted to share and as you can see by the picture they were very generous with the splits.  We started with the seafood tower that our waiter said was enough for four people but we decided that we really wanted to try it and would split a main entrée since we were eating so much seafood. The champagne complemented the seafood perfectly. The shrimp were huge and fresh. We also enjoyed the salmon tartare and scallop ceviche along with mussels and clams. Jellyfish tasted like seaweed salad...and was good.  Our waiter recommended the sablefish and it did not disappoint. I was worried that being in a miso broth with Asian vegetables it might have been on the sweet side like they do at Roy's with their butterfish. However it was balanced perfectly with the salt and sweet.   I really love that this restaurant is upscale and yet it doesn't feel hoity toity. The manager came by to speak with us. The sommelier was extremely friendly and our waiters attention was perfect.  Yes it is a little on the pricey side but the weak Canadian dollar helped. I highly recommend this restaurant. Thanks Lawrence C. from San Diego for your review that helped us decide to eat here!	 0
Great dinner! Very impressed!  My girl recommended this place because she had previously had dinner here and had a good experience, so we made a reservation a couple of weeks in advance, and I have to say this restaurant is so popular that even several weeks ahead, there were very few options available, we got lucky.  On the day of, we arrived and was lucky enough to find street parking nearby. The restaurant is in the heart of yaletown next to a whole bunch of restaurants and bars. We were greeted at the door, and asked to take our coats. Then seated right away. The service was nice and attentive. We ordered a bunch of seafood to share. The prices are high but the quality is well worth it.   The seafood platter for 2 was an awesome option $38. There was 4 items that came in a tower, and you start at the bottom and work your way up. The ingredients were superb and the flavors explosive. Really can't go wrong with this. Of course the fresh oysters were amazing, lots of different varieties to choose from.  Overall a wonderful experience.	 0
Blue Water Cafe, located in Yaletown, has been one of our favourite restaurants since our first visit. In the past, we've often enjoyed their single tier Shellfish Plateau. However, on this occasion, we set our sights on their signature Seafood Tower.  We visited back in summer, after our Portland road trip. Their complimentary baked rolls were served with a duo of white bean tapenade and seaweed butter. In hindsight, we shouldn't have filled up on these too much because the Seafood Tower was a lot of food. Still, the fresh buns are soooo good!  For this dinner, we also ordered their Pablo Honey ($6) and Kaffir Collins ($7)  In the past, we've also sat in their main dining area which can get a bit noisy. On this visit, we wound up in a separate dining area that was darker and quieter, which was nice. Here we are getting ready for our feast.  This separate dining area has walls filled top-to-bottom with bottles of wine.  Here we go... this Blue Water Cafe Tower ($159) was HUGE! I had to get out of my seat just to fit the tower in my picture.  This is basically their regular Seafood Tower that's been kicked up a notch to include additional Spicy Tuna Roll, Fresh Crab Meat Roll, Tuna Goma-ae, and Chilled Lobster (1 lb).  Their regular Seafood Tower has two tiers of Oysters, Prawns, Seared Red Tuna, Salmon Tartare, Jellyfish, Scallop Ceviche, Clams and Mussels.  I've always loved their jellyfish at Blue Water as it's thin but crunchy and served with a flavourful sauce. Similarly, the scallop ceviche with grapefruit is pure bliss. The large chunks of tuna with miso paste just melted on my tongue.  The prawns were large and meaty and the oysters were clean and fresh. They really know their shellfish here and the honey mussels were both big and plump while still retaining a sweetness to the flesh.  The salmon tartare had a nice crunchiness from the fresh onions.  I've never had sushi at Blue Water until this visit and found that their rolls were super creamy (and filling).  We saved some room for their Daily Sorbet selection ($12.50) which included white peach, raspberry, and pineapple. The pineapple was good and not overly tart while the peach was quite subtle in flavour.  As with our previous meals, it ended with these complimentary Lemon Poppyseed petit fours.  This was probably the best seafood tower I've had and was pleased that the lobster meat came out of the shell very easily. At first, we thought we might need to order some more food other than the tower but were stuffed by the end of our meal. Take the plunge and order their Blue Water Cafe Tower... you won't regret it.	 0
Located in Yaletown, "the Hollywood of the West meets the new Hollywood of the North," so our server said.   My boyfriend and I flew in Thursday morning, ran though an extensive itinerary of touristy things (completed partially in heavy rain), and rushed over just in time to make our 9:15p reservation. We were entirely under dressed, but literally - the staff could have cared less, and treated us no different. The service was a perfect 10.   Upon our arrival, our bags and coats were checked, and we were seated immediately.    Cocktail winner? Calamansi Mule. The dollop of calamansi sorbet to top off the cocktail is mouth watering. TRUST. My boyfriend ordered the Rockhouse Punch, which he enjoyed - but also admitted that my drink was way better.  Food wise, we ordered the following:  -Kurobuta Pork Cheeks (Firsts) -Bay Baked Scallops w/ Parmesan Crusts (Firsts) -Stamina Roll  My boyfriend ordered a halibut entree (which was apparently a special and not listed on the menu), and I had the Sablefish.  The pork cheeks were so amazing, and unfortunately disappointing all at once. They were the kick start to our meal, and as I continued to salivate over my first piece I noticed a hair sticking out of the breading of one. WHY?!?!?! LOL. (They don't want you to enjoy pork cheeks. Haha.) I felt bad, but we had to send it back with no hard feelings. Our server and the staff all were super apologetic, and actually did offer to send us a replacement (or anything else), which we gracefully declined.   The scallops were small but tasty, but not exactly a "must have".   The stamina roll was recommended by our server, which was an excellent pick. I'm usually not a huge fan of crab in sushi, as it's usually either imitation and/or the taste (for me, anyway) just seems to get masked in everything else. This roll though?! WOW. I was very pleasantly surprised. I was completely fixated on the roll ("The crab is so fluffy and light"-My boyfriend, if you're looking for specifics. LOL) until my Sablefish came and stole the show.   Hands down: the main event, and rightfully so. It literally melted in my mouth!! As a matter of fact, my mouth just watered writing about it, and that's all that needs to be said. ..I know what you're thinking, "but the halibut.." Halibut WHO?! Irrelevant. The Sablefish is where it's at. Promise.   The staff was nice enough to give us a complementary dessert for the hair incident, which was an amazing top-off to our experience. A++. It literally couldn't have gone any better - what an overall amazing first day in Vancouver!	 0
We had a celebratory dinner for 20 last week and took over the back room. I will say the best service I've seen in a long time! The staff was accommodating and personable and very attentive.  With the help of my server I ordered a fantastic dinner - and of course I have no idea the names of anything but hopefully the pictures will make up for that!  The restaurant was hopping when I left - definitely a place I will come back to  - even the bar area was packed and everyone was smiling!	 0
If you're looking for a great seafood joint that serves quality fish and top of the line sushi, I definitely recommend this place.  It's a white-linen table type joint with business casual dress code. It makes this place a great fit for dinner!  I like how they give complimentary parmesan sticks that are just addicting. You're most likely going to get a bit full off these lol! don't be scared to ask for more; they'll be more than happy to serve you another bundle!  For dinner I had their toro (tuna belly) which is fresh and clean tasting. You can tell the quality of sashimi this was and how thick of meat it consists of. This was the best Toro I've had in a long time. Next, I had their shrimp tempura roll with a nice drizzle of their sauce. This sushi was fresh and well rolled; nothing broke off. I also suggest ordering their oysters! These were freshly shucked and served with champagne rose mignonette.   Service is great, ambiance is phenomenal, and location is perfect!	 0
Best canadian contemporary seafood place in Vancouver Worth the price. Not as expensive as you would think.	 0
Great menu, heavily seafood based.  Sushi here is fantastic.  The tsunami plate is very good.  I had the Sturgeon for my entree, with puréed cauliflower and beets.  Excellent flavor and cooked to perfection.   Ended with the chocolate cake which is really a lava type cake. Outstanding, don't share it!  Prices were definitely fair for the quality of the food.  Our service was great.	 0
ok I have been doing some serious poke tour around Vancouver.  Some of them were 3 or 4 star worth so I didn't write a review as I only review 1 or 5 stars.  Before Westcoast Poke, Pokerrito had been my favorite, and thus I gave it 5 stars. Poke Station was the worst so I gave it 1 star. But now I wish there was 6 stars! I haven't had Poke Guys yet  but WOW this place is GOOOOD.  Ingredients and fish (I had Spicy Albacore Tuna feature menu) are fresh and delicious, oh and the brown rice is so flavourful and the warm rolling texture I felt on my tongue .... yum!!!  MINUS POINT! While I can more than comfortably give Westcoast 5 stars, they made a mistake and overcharged me with a large size when I actually ordered regular :( but it's ok. I can forgive them cuz IT IS THAT TASTY!! YUM!!	 0
Loved it here! Snack size is 2 scoops of protein but with so many add ons available, it was super filling for $10.50.   They don't try to skimp on the toppings and are very happy to keep giving you more!	 0
Another poké place opened up, this time outside downtown.  It is nestled along other small shops along W. 8th so you may miss it.   The ingredients are fresh and delicious.  There are a lot of variety for mix and toppings.  They have 3 options for protein: snack is 2 scoop, regular is 3 scoop and large is 5 scoop.  I had the regular bowl.  What I had:  Brown rice as base Salmon & tuna as protein.  Jalapeño, sweet onion, chilli flakes, cucumber kimchi, & red onion as mix.   Seaweed salad, crab salad, mango, masago, radish and sesame seeds as toppings.  They make some of their own sauces which are great too.  There is one long table that can fit about 12 ppl.  The place is bright and modern.    For an extra cost, you can get ahi tuna, sockeye salmon and avocado.    I'd definitely come back.	 0
The poke itself was really yummy, fresh, & creative. But, I will explain the low rating. I had major issues with being provided with wrong information about allergens and as a result of this I was poisoned with one of the allergens I had asked about in advance.   I had called in to ask if the Pacific bowl contained gluten, dairy, or eggs, and when I was told "no" right away, I then said "so no mayo is in this bowl?". I received a "no". So I placed the order for two large Pacific bowls ($30), totally excited, that was so easy! I then sent my boyfriend to pick up the order. My boyfriend again confirmed with them about the allergens at the counter, and at that time, they realized that the flakes in the bowl (that was ready to go) had gluten in it (which is also weird, since on the website menu, it lists the pacific bowl as gluten free, so one would assume that means as is, because usually it would say "can be gluten free" by modifying, so the wording is wrong on the website). So anyways, they remade my bowl while he waited, and then he left with the new bowl + his gluten-y bowl. I take one bite of my poke, mmmm tastes good. But wait, this tastes so creamy and yummy and ohhh noooo, it tastes like mayo! So i examined my bowl closer, and I see crab salad, made with mayo!!! So my boyfriend had to go all the way back to get it remade, yet again. And I spent the night totally sick from eating mayo/egg.   I am super disappointed that they did this to me after we asked about the allergens TWICE, like they should have clued in that the crab salad is made with mayo or thought a bit harder about what ingredients were in the bowl. They did refund him money for the one bowl when he went back, which was appreciated.  None the less, I took a bite of the 3rd remade version later that evening, without the mayo-soaked crab, and it was really delicious.   Please train your staff on allergens, especially if you are going to claim gluten free on your website menu (which actually impressed/excited me when I originally looked at it online).	 1
My dream of being served fresh raw fish by a bunch of handsome guys has become a reality. I really enjoy going here it's bright, inviting and it's got cool squiggly lights coming from the ceiling but most importantly the poke bowls are really, really good. They always have a feature rice, topping, protein and sauce and they make their own bone broths which is not only delicious but super sexy. It's nice to go to a place where you can tell people love doing what their doing it makes all the difference. These guys have clearly put thought and execution into every aspect of their creations and it shows. Portion sizes are perfect can't wait until I'm not full to come back again. Truly the best in Vancouver!	 0
I've only tried a couple of different poké places in Vancouver, but this one is already my favourite. Their poké bowls are a little on the pricey side but I think it's worth it considering the quality and portion sizes. What stood out to me the most was how fresh everything is - they even slice the avocados right in front of you. The servers are also friendly and very generous in their serving sizes!	 0
Best poke that I've tried in Vancouver.  Great service and nice decor.  Sauces were great. Highly recommended.	 0
Delicious and healthy! We really enjoyed trying everything out and liked it all. We got two of the specials, the Cascade and the daily special bowls and both were really good. Super-fresh fish (Poke and Salmon) and lots of other ingredients like wakame, mango, spicy crab and cucumbers which combined well in the bowl. They said all the ingredients were fresh-cut (not frozen or out of a can) and we could tell - all of it was good.  They have about a dozen different made-in-house sauces to put on the bowls, and four different spicy sauces at the table too. We also had the Lemon-Ginger kombucha which was both a little sweet and tart in just the right way. We also got a side of ceviche with chips and it was good to snack and share.	 0
Not a disappointment whatsoever! Happened upon happy hour by accident, on a Saturday (might I add), so my husband and I feasted on well priced appetizers. Smashed potatoes were very good, as was the fried egg and bacon which was a deep fried egg wrapped in bacon, nothing like I've had before!  I had the Elk for main course. Nothing to complain about there. But I will say, my husband ordered the beef and that was exceptional.  If I lived in Vancouver, this place would be a favorite for sure.	 0
Sadly, Tuc has gone downhill. The food used to be great 2 - 3 years ago but I feel like the quality of the food has really gone south.   First off it was New Years Day, nothing was open so we decided to go with Tuc. I already had reservations because the last time I went for brunch the food was already so-so. A few of the items we wanted to order were sold out, so we asked the waiter what he recommended as most of the dinner menu looked new to me. We went with most of his recco's and got these items:  1) Pork Belly cracklings - awesome, super crispy and fatty, oily but the pieces are so bite sized small it's not too overwhelming. By far the BEST and only really good item we had that night. This is a must order.  2) Cheese board - the cheese was alright but nothing amazing by any means. There were a few thin slices of pear, small pieces of prosciutto, the small crisps to eat the cheese with were soggy so that was no fun. When I see something listed as 'MP' I expect something a little more impressive.  3) Elk Saltimbocca - this was the one thing we ordered that wasn't one of the waiter's recco's, we thought we'd try something different. The meat was a little dry and bland, really nothing special.  4) Cauliflower au gratin - basically cheesy cauliflower with some large pieces of mushroom. It was alright, but nothing to write home to mom to.  5) 12 oz. Certified Angus Dry Aged Rib Eye - this came highly recommended by the waiter - we were sorely disappointed. It was super fatty and not very memorable.  We ordered a dessert too...but I don't even remember what it was. Sad to say we left a lot of the food untouched. I had my fingers crossed  that Tuc would be better this time around, as I remember when I first discovered it years ago I really loved it but sadly the food is just disappointing now. Also when we asked for mustard for our steak -- they told us the kitchen had none. Really?! No mustard? He ended up finding us some horse radish. Our server was great but that's about it!	 1
Best meal of my Vancouver travels! We came on New Years Eve after our original reservation somewhere else informed us that they were doing a prix fixe set menu instead of their standard menu. After finding out Tuc was serving their regular menu we switched, and I'm so very glad we did!  Pictures online of the dining area are a bit misleading, but in a good way. The daylight makes it looks a bit casual, but I'm happy to report that once the sun sets and the lights are dimmed, the place has a very low key and intimate ambiance.   Things we ate: Fried Chickpea Dumplings Cauliflower au Gratin Lamb Kofta Pork Belly Crackling Elk Saltimbocca Crab & Fish Stew   The thing about ground lamb is that it can go from perfectly cooked to dried out within seconds during its cooking, and I'm happy to say these Lamb Kofta patties were cooked to perfection. Even more impressive was the Pork Belly Crackling. It is cut into small cubes which balance the fatty bottoms to the crispy crackling top, with a little dipping sauce to work with as well, I was in flavour heaven. I literally had to stop my conversation to take in the fatty goodness.  I've never had elk outside of a sausage form, and I'm still not entirely sure how they manage to wrap all that elk meat around the cheese and prosciutto filling, but it was truly unique and a great main dish.  I stole a bite of the Crab & Fish Stew as well and will say that despite this not being in my normal wheelhouse, the combination of the green curry broth with the crab cakes and noodles all worked wonderfully as well.  Honestly, all the food was so interesting and well executed that after washing it down with a couple of craft beers, we were so incredibly happy with our change of plans that brought us to Tuc. Bonus shout out to our server Shanelle who was fantastic. She was friendly, knowledgeable, and really helped make our experience a great one.  Thank you Tuc Craft Kitchen, I'm already looking forward to my next visit to Vancouver so I can return.	 0
Came here with a group of 8 on a Saturday morning and we were able to be seated right away which was nice. The server was attentive and kind. However the food wasn't all too amazing. A good number of us had the chicken and waffles and found both the chicken and waffles to be heavy and not very flavorful. The chicken didn't have a great coating like fried chicken usually does and the waffles were forgettable. I took only a couple bites before I got sick of the taste. I will say I had some of my friend's pork belly cracklings... and those were amazing! Overall, I had an okay experience at Tuc Craft but there are definitely better restaurants out there in Vancouver.	 1
Located at 60 West Cordova Street in Vancouver. I've been there for brunch and it's one of the best places. This time we were there for dinner and it's one of the original places in Gastown for cocktail drinks. The bartender, Ryan knows how to make a good cocktail.  I always look forward to taking photos at TUC since they have dark wood furnishing, which makes it an excellent for Instagram and food blog photos!  My friend highly recommended the coffee & cigarettes cocktail, which I was also highly skeptical since both of those flavours are not in my taste palette. Another popular drink is the Flowers for Algernon, which contains Odd Society Wallflower gin, St. Germaine, grapefruit, and lavender. Some of my friend has those to drink that evening.  We shared the following plates: The Elk Carpaccio is new on the dinner menu for the month of October and it was meaty delicious. We also shared the bone marrow popcorn in our group. I've seen bone marrow as as a main dish before but never served as an appetizer and in popcorn. Instead of butter, they used bone marrow to add for flavouring. It added an extra meaty flavour in the popcorn. You read a detailed review on my blog: https://vancouverfoodie604.wordpress.com/2016/10/14/cocktail-crawl-at-tuc-craft-kitchen-in-gastown/	 0
Another one of my favorite spots I visited during my short time in Vancouver. Located in Gas Town, Tuc Craft is a cozy restaurant with 2 floors and a dimly lit ambiance. Everything on the menu definitely catches your eye to re-read the description twice. We stopped by for a drink and some small bites on a Sunday night and didn't even need the reservation we had made. Just a heads up, the portions here are on the smaller side, so this wouldn't be the place to go if you're trying to feast.  FOOD: 9/10 AMBIANCE: 10/10 SERVICE: 10/10  We got:   x Crispy Bacon & Egg ($4): My absolute favorite thing here! We ordered 2 of these. I've never had a slightly runny half egg wrapped in bacon with batter. It was one of the most unique things I've eaten, and I loved it! Probably cause I'm ridiculously in love with runny eggs. I'm not even sure how exactly they made it. HIGHLY recommend!   x Wilted Kale: Surprisingly really good! I'm usually not a fan of kale whatsoever, but the way they prepared it (I think they sauteed it) made it taste really delicious! Kind of like how sauteed spinach would taste but a little crunchier.  x Pork Belly: This tasted like Chinese BBQ pork to me, and it was really good as well! The pork belly was perfectly crispy, packed with flavor, and came with a great dipping sauce.  x Blackberry IPA: It was aight. Probably wouldn't order it again, but it was tasty to try! The waitress recommended it to us.  Overall, super cozy and great restaurant in Gas Town! Would recommend this to others to try for sure.	 0
Crispy bacon and egg. Fried chicken and waffles. What dreams are made of.  Got there a little bit after 10am for brunch. After we sat down, it got crowded pretty quickly -- make a reservation ahead of time!   We sat at the bar. Isaac was the bartender and also took our food orders. His recommendations were on point. We shared the crispy bacon and egg -- SO WORTH IT. It was lightly breaded and crispy on the outside, perfect egg... SO GOOD.   We shared the giant fried chicken and waffles -- it came with amazingly delicious sauces. You'll have to take my word for it.   I also got an iced london fog, which is like an earl grey latte... so good.   Loved everything here, the service, food, drinks, oh and they have a clean bathroom upstairs for the ladies.	 0
BEST MEAL OF OUR ENTIRE TRIP.   We came here on a Friday night after dinner hour so it wasn't busy at all and got sat right away. A quick look at the menu, and we knew it was going to be a pricier dinner. We were all starving though and looking forward to some good food.   We ordered: - orange glazed lamb ribs app - clams and mussels app - parsnip fries app - 1 crispy bacon egg - Trois Viandes x 2 (Denver leg of venison, Wild Rose Heritage Farm wild boar mousse, cured pork belly, gnocchi gateau, red currant glace) - Beef Daube (braised 1846 BC beef, pancetta, gratin potatoes, sauce espagnol, parmesan crust)  The least favorite dish the boys ate was probably their entree of the venison, but it was still good, they just loved the other dishes more. We practically licked our plates clean here it was so good! I got the Beef daube, and it was delicious. I couldn't finish all of it, and my friend Alex polished the rest off. Our other friend really liked the glaze on the lamb ribs.   Shout out to our waitress Chanel for giving amazing service and great tips around the city! I will definitely be coming back here next time I'm in town!	 0
We booked the restaurant for the new years eve dinner. The only think I noticed they are doing good is the coat check.  First, they send like 4-5 emails indicating to confirm if we are coming or not. It's silly but let's say we are cool.  Second, they indicated dinner reservations are booked for up to 2hr. This is silly too but we are still cool.  Third, when we arrive, they said we only have ONE HOUR, and they might add 30mins later on. We are starting to warm up here.  Forth, our table wasn't ready even though we came exactly at 8pm. The RUDE blondie front desk girl was  not sorry at all, and she tells me 5 things in utmost confident way when I ask 1 simple thing only. We are warm enough here..  Fifth, finally we got our TINY table around 9.45 and ordered a coffee. We wanted to order the food and quickly head out to watch the fire works at 9am and come back. But we ended up with another (afro/mixed) uber-confident lady who couldn't even deal with a slightest complication.  Sixth, She told us we have to pay upfront, I accepted. Then she said the kitchen might not be on time, I said that's fine too we can wait.  She then said the food come early, and I patiently told her we don't mind cold food. She eventually manage to refuse us, and the front desk rude lady backed us.   Seventh, this is a NEW YEAR event for 150th anniversary, that was the basis of our Canada trip.   Eight, we LEFT that silly restaurant directly and walked only 2MIN to watch the fireworks, which lasted only 1-2MIN. We could be back easily by 9.06, which is way shorter time than we using the restroom both. May be they'd ask for the payment for that as well.  Ninth, They have very basic food, if you look at the pics, you'll see everyone is getting that stupid egg an so on.. You can practically do every food (say apple) like that, so that's a spam craft. After fireworks we went to  ($$) Havana on Commercial dr, there was only a few people, server was very nice, service was very fast, and the food was delicious, at least something different and authentic.   Tenth, I am a little picky but with the food, not with the service: We had so so food during our Vancouver adventure for a few times, but NEVER got disrespected like this, to the point that we have to walk away from our reservation.   Nevertheless, they couldn't ruin our NY, and happy 2017 everyone!	 1
An excellent eatery with delicious food and friendly service. They did not mind that we were 20 minutes late for our reservation and gave us a table for brunch on a weekend. I loved everything we ordered but the pork belly crackling is exceptional. Instead of ordering it separately it is a good idea to eat it as a part of the elevated diner and you can feel good with the knowledge that they will donate a meal when you order it. Plus it comes with eggs, toast and potato cake! My friends had Eggs de Campagne and Chorizo & Eggs and they tasted good too! I also ordered the bacon friend egg which was yummy! Ooh and the sunrise Mimosa and lavender latte are a delight too. I will definitely be back.	 0
Perfect place.  We had a reservation at 6 on Sunday. There was a lot of open tables but when we left around 7:30. It was almost full. The dinner was creative, interesting and delicious. Service was great. The price was not expensive. $40 USD for 2 ppl. Maybe because some of them are happy hour menu. We ordered -egg and bacon: bacon rolled half raw egg  fry. Soo good -pork belly: sweet and tasty -stew: amazing. -fries: Pretty thin which I love! - black tea cake and ginger ice cream: interesting taste. Ginger ice cream is really ginger. -beer! I picked the most light one. Half of beer was not available tho. Great experience.	 0
We went there for late lunch today and luckily we made it. It said, closed at 3pm but they flipped, closed sign, on 2:30pm. Parking was difficult in that neighborhood too.   It was cozy and modern deco when we first walked. The server was friendly and efficient. We ordered food, farmer's skillet, elevated diner, crispy eggs and bacon as well as drinks, iced London Fog and Tory Soprano. They were all so delicious. I loved pork belly cracklings and potatoes. The smoky bacon made eggs much more flavorful! The drink, Tory Soprano, was similar to Manhattan, strong yet smooth.   I appreciated the quality of the food here and the service was great. We'll definitely return next time.	 0
Yet again, the Yelp community didn't let me down. Came here today for breakfast based on all the wonderful Yelp reviews. So glad I did! What a gem of a restaurant.  My husband and I initially passed it by, as we were on the wrong side of the street and the signage is small. We missed it and went a block further before turning back. So if you're not familiar with this place, know that it's next to the L'Hermitage Hotel (another reviewer noted that, but I didn't note that prior to walking here. My error!).   I expected a long line out the door, and a wait to be seated, but we must have been lucky and neither of those scenarios occurred. We visited today, on a Tuesday, at 9:30am, and there were a few open seats available and we were seated immediately.  The place has a contemporary hipster-ish vibe. Inviting and simultaneously modern, with exposed concrete. The server we had was lovely, and service was attentive.  The menu is quite....eclectic. If you're looking for traditional diner/breakfast fare, this probably isn't the place to get it. Granted, you can get eggs and toast and bacon a la carte, but it probably won't be the same mountain of food that you get piled on at a diner (not that there's anything wrong with diner fare! I love diners!). But this place is different. Their foods were all fancied up and plated prettily, too. I think everything is organic as well. My husband and I opted to have breakfast/brunch specialty dishes: hubby had the "sandwich peameal" which had eggs and "peameal bacon" with tomato jam and other stuff; I had the salmon fume dish which was unlike any smoked salmon/lox dish I have ever had - but it was delicious. Just ... different. They had thicker chunks of smoked salmon in cream cheese on a thin slice of grilled focaccia bread, with other stuff. Really wonderful. And we had lattes and tea as well.  The folks beside us and at tables behind us were having these waffles with small dipping pots of sauce that looked divine.   Yes, prices were on the high side but hey, this is Vancouver. We expected the prices to be in the range they were.   We look forward to returning to try the waffles!	 0
Yes, this is one of those brunch places that has a long line out front. On weekends, they open at 9am, so get in line before then, hopefully you get in for their first round of sitting.  It's next door to L'Hermitage Hotel so go towards that.    Very nice décor inside, warm, welcoming and comfy. We made the first sitting, and we sorta already knew what we wanted for brunch so it didn't take long for us to put in our order. After a few minutes of looking at the menu to confirm our choices, we got a couple of lattes to start the morning right. Lattes were tasty, nicely made, they do have alternative milks too if you want almond milk etc.    The items on the menu are mostly Moroccan/Mediterranean inspired but approachable and recognizable to try. We decided to get the "Tagine" and the "Fricassee" for brunch. If you like a little spicy for breakfast, the Tagine is perfect, spicy sausage with chickpeas with 2 nicely poached eggs. Comes with wonderful focaccia bread on the side as well for dipping & sopping.    Fricassee was wonderful as well, braised short ribs with some potatoes, cheese and this tasty tomato sauce with 2 sunny side up eggs on top. Also comes with focaccia for dipping & sopping. This was very good, good amount of short ribs in the dish, quite hearty and nicely presented.   We were pretty full afterwards but couldn't turn down their Liege Waffles for dessert and got 2.   They do offer toppings for each so we got one with white chocolate pistachio rosewater, yea....that's what I said. It was pretty good and can definitely taste the floral-ness of the rosewater. The other topping we got was fig orange marmalade, this was definitely my jam, no pun intended.    Overall, we enjoyed our brunch very much, everything was nicely made, tasted wonderful and service was great. Prices are a bit higher but nothing unreasonable and I was satisfied with the food and service so I felt it was worth it. Definitely a place I would come back to many times when in town again.	 0
This review is for the waffles here! They are absolutely AMAZING. I never knew that waffles could be so delicious and fresh until I tried this place.   Beware though.. waits can get pretty crazy here! I came here on a Wednesday afternoon during the holidays and it was a 1.5 hour wait. Instead of taking your number or giving you a buzzer, they just tell you when to come back. It was actually pretty accurate for us! My friend and I just walked around the area to kill time. There's the shopping center and small eats that kept us plenty busy as we waited. The waffles are definitely worth it here though.   Back to the waffles. Definitely get them with the toppings! We got milk chocolate lavender and white chocolate pistachio rosewater. White chocolate pistachio was our favorite and we couldn't get enough of it! I drenched every bite of my waffle in it. I highly recommend getting their waffles with a drink too! I got the milk chocolate lavendar mocha and it complimented the waffles perfectly.   Overall, amazing waffles and worth the wait!	 0
This place is sooooo good. Originally we were quoted a wait of 1 hour and 45 minutes for brunch!! FOR BRUNCH! I've never been anywhere with a wait like that. But then there was some counter seating that no one in front of us wanted. The wait ended up only being about 5 minutes. My lucky day.   I got the Le Complet which consists of Flatiron Steak, 2 Sunny Eggs, Caramelized Onion & Piquillo Goat Cheese Crostini, Romesco & Seasonal Greens. To be honest, I usually never order anything with steak in it and I only did so because my doctor recently said I am borderline anemic. But I have no regrets. The steak was cooked to a perfect medium-rare. Every item on this plate was seasoned perfectly. Even the salad was balanced with the sweet and tart.   My husband got the Les Boulettes which has 2 Poached Eggs, Spicy Moroccan Lamb Meatballs, Roasted Pepper, Black Olive & Tomato Stew with Raita and Grilled Focaccia. No greens in this dish but still a lot of deliciousness. Whenever you look at a tomato-based stew/sauce, you expect some level of tart and acidity. Not here. Totally perfect and with adequate spice too.  My only wish was a little more bread because the cheese spread was so good and there was so much of it.   Despite how cute the waffles look in pictures, they tasted okay. I think it's because they're not made to order (at least I don't think so since I saw a bunch in the glass case). They're missing that fresh-from-the-waffle-maker quality. But the dips are totally worth it. I especially recommend the maple syrup because they get it from a supplier who makes it in small batches. It's way better than the commercial stuff we're used to! It has an earthy aroma and is less sweet too.   It's loud in here but I like the upbeat atmosphere and music (they were playing Duran Duran at one point). It's not the most ideal place for young kids though.	 0
What an amazing culinary experience.  To start off with the ambiance is amazing.  It's an intimate space but yet you don't feel as though people are crawling up your back.  You can be assured that you'll be pleasantly greeted at the door...and if you're open to sitting at the bar area you can bet you'll get a seat in no time.  The bartender was very friendly.  We were attended too immediately upon being seated.  And he was sure to offer up some water with out us needing to ask.  Our choices for breakfast that day began with the lavender cafe latte. It was magical on the pallet to say the least. Served hot, but not scalding, every last drop was divine.  We also ordered two waffles with the lavender infused chocolate and rosewater/pistachio rosewater dipping sauces.  Wow!  Talk about a delight.  The waffle was cooked perfectly and the sauces were the perfect compliments.  Also on our list to share was the wolves breakfast.  Talk about a beautiful presentation.  Each selection of meat was cooked perfectly and the accompanying "sauces" were fine matches to the seasonings/spices of the meats.  As our eyes wandered to other dishes being served to customers it should be said that the menu items look amazing.  It would be a true joy to return and sample more of the diverse offerings.	 0
Everything is yum here. Yass, Medina's is well worth the queue whenever you have an hour to dispose of - the whole experience should account for a leisurely three hours, two hours for actual dining time. Like a lot of restaurants in this city, it's more fusion than it is authentic - I don't really think of Moroccan cuisine when I think of Medina's. However, I do think about their lattes, cassoulet, and waffles. I am nostalgic for their former space on Beatty - it was much more charming and quaint than the current one. When you're doing so well though, upsizing is in natural order of "progress," I guess. Such is the city...  With this said, everything is always divine, including the service. Tourists and burbanites should make Medina's a must visit destination for a classic Vancouver experience.	 0
Every place we researched wrote up Medina so we of course had to try it out.  We got here early on a weekday and luckily was able to snag a table right away.  The staff here was awesome and was really good with young children.  I got the Tagine and it was perfect.  The sausage was nice a spicy too.  Plan ahead to have a great meal with a variety of options here.	 0
Chambar was my favorite place to eat in DT Vancouver.  The staff is warm and welcoming, which you could tell by their motto on their match boxes: "Strike it right at CHAMBAR an unpretentious fling with fine dining."  We managed to fit 3 visits in our short schedule (2 dinners and a breakfast).    To start I ordered the Poughman's Old Fashioned.  It was stiff and well crafted.  For our starter we enjoyed the Foie de Canard "Villa Lorraine".  It was a spiced foie gras terrine, port reduction, and kriek granite served with a truffled brioche French toast.    For a side, we ordered the poutine, which was fairly different from what I'm used to.  This poutine had Roquefort (blue cheese) and green peppercorn jus.  I like Roquefort and green peppercorn, but this dish had them in excess.  The flavors were intense on this dish.  I ate it throughout dinner.  The Moules Frites (mussels) were fantastic.  We loved the Coquotte version the best.  I couldn't believe the giant pile of shells that were left over from this dish.  Turns out Chambar gives you 2 pounds of mussels!  The smoked bacon lardons on the bottom of the dish make a great snack too.   We also had the Fletan aux Petits Pois (Halibut and peas). It was well seasoned and light.    For dessert, we had a delectable Chocolate Mousse.  Not too sweet and served with a sorbet on a bed of chocolate crumbles and 2 small meringues.    I loved everything about Chambar.  I only wish I lived in the same country, so I could enjoy this restaurant frequently.	 0
We ended up here after seeing the huge 2 hour wait for Jam Cafe on a rainy day. First of all, the space is gorgeous. There's couch seating and bar tables, and the exposed brick walls just make it such a warm place to meet friends for brunch.  We had the Fricassée (braised short ribs & fried eggs) and the Mezzes (a HUGE plate of mixed morrocan sides). The short ribs were super savory and moist. It came in a small cast iron skillet with potatoes, cipollini onions, and fried eggs (though we asked for poached). My favorite was the Mezzes - a beautifully crafted plate of hummus, eggplant, carrot puree, salad, small heirloom tomatoes and falafel. We ended with their waffles - one with chocolate topping and the other with their white chocolate pistachio rosewater. By this time we were stuffed, but we were so glad to have tried these! Make sure you save some room for those babies.  I also heard that this restaurant was the sister restaurant of Cafe Medina, located in downtown Vancouver! We had originally wanted to visit since there seemed to be more hoopla around it but unfortunately it was closed during time we were there. Don't pass this place up, it was one of our faves!	 0
Such an incredibly romantic place with impressive food and great service. My boyfriend and I dropped by for a sunday just before lunch "brunch".   Although there certainly was a line to the door, (we were advised of a twenty minute wait) there were many tables cleared and ready for people to be seated (they're faster at clearing than seating). We noted all the clear tables gently and humoured ourselves on how they mightnbe purposefully holding a line versus immediate seating to give the impression of being "the place to be" (like some clubs).  Seated at the bar behind a large post i found myself wishing for squarer backed chairs (to hang my purse onto) or at leasr a hook under the bar ahwad of my knees so i wouldn't have to put my purse on the floor. No such luck. Purse to floor. Coat to back of chair.  We were given our coffee in wonderfully large home-style mugs with a very distinguished full bodied coffee that initially took some getting used to with its strong not quite caramel hit the wall taste. They serve tiny carafes of cream of itty bitty rock chunks of natural sugar. Warning: sugar is quite sweet.  I ordered three slightly small and dessert-like fine examples of waffles with three sauces (white chocolate pistachio, bacom caramel, three berry). A wonderful choice albeit a bit light but perhaps thats a good thing then bad. Every morsel was a treat. Each bit amazing.  My boyfriend had the steak and eggs-which in itself sounds mediocre however what arrived was the last thing anyone would call mediocre. Every item on his full plate had its own texture and dreamy enjoyable taste. From the cornbread chunk in its mamma made perfection to the light and teasing salad to the perfectly seasoned and then dressed cut steak.  Incredible.	 0
Loved it! Went here for Sunday brunch making sure we booked ahead of time. I ordered Fricasse- not a huge fan of meat but this was so tender tasty and the perfect size. My partner got the eggs and steak and was just the right amount for him. We each got a waffle with our own choice of sauce (White Chocolate Pistachio and Salted Caramel). Brunch cost wise between two people with a good size meal, London fog latte, coffee, 2 waffles with our own dip just under $60.  Service was grand- we were seated downstairs which I much preferred- can get quite busy.  Looking forward to coming back!	 0
Two thumbs up for brunch! Scored a seat in their outdoor patio on a beautiful day (yay!)   The service was wonderful and our server was not only friendly, but genuinely helpful. She gave the perfect recommendations for my two girlfriends and I, and made sure everything was to our liking.  The food was an A+ in my book. I wouldn't have changed a thing. Between the three of us, we split the special of the day, which was a delicious pasta, the Bon Matin and a few of their waffles.   I wish I could remember what the pasta dish was called because it was SO freakin' good. The Bon Matin was displayed beautifully -- a spread of prosciutto, tomato, avocado, olive tapenade, brie, soft boiled egg and sourdough. It was light and perfect to share. The waffles were warm and fluffy. We ordered three different toppings to try including dark chocolate lavender, white chocolate pistachio rosewater and fig orange marmalade. My favorite was the white chocolate :-)  I can't wait to return if/when I'm back in Vancouver. If you're in the area traveling or just haven't tried this place out yet, get there! Now!	 0
We went here a few years ago and came away disappointed as it didn't meet our expectations. We decided to give it a second chance as people we know raved about it.  We are so glad we did as the food was amazing. If you are someone who enjoys trying new foods and flavours, then come here as they offer both which makes for a foodie having a great night out.  Great service as well!	 0
I was able to make quick reservations online for brunch. The ambiance was great and the staff are friendly. GET THE WAFFLES!  Dipping sauces we got: milk chocolate lavender, salted caramel (with awesome gold flakes), dark chocolate. All delish.   I will definitely be back next time I'm in Vancouver!	 0
Vancouver has quite incredible and food here is amazing.  Very attentive and attractive staff with high quality food.   The waffles are a must and you can't go wrong with the paella or steak and eggs on the  brunch menu.   Live DJ and music   Reservations highly recommended.	 0
Tried to come here again, but success seems to have hit their heads. Now the 'outside tables' are waitlist only, and your reservation.....? Well, reservations are for 'inside tables' only.  So I cancelled. What a load of crap.   You know who does take a proper reservation and has exceptional food?   L'Abbatoir.   Bye bye Chambar.	 1
Service here was incredible from the time we enter to when we left.  Absolutely amazing.  They took our coats and called us a taxi.  Our waitress was wonderful and very attentive, she made sure that we were well taken care of.    Tajine:  I was warned that this dish was spicy which I love.  When they presented it to me in a pan, I was very excited.  At first I didn't believe them but after a while it had a pretty good kick.  The spicy merguez sausage was super delicious.  Omg everything was so amazing.   Ouef et Steak: Breakfast for champions.  It looked so delicious that I wanted to steal the whole plate from my bf.  The chimichurri sauce was just amazing.  Cornbread was nice and moist.  Steak was very well seasoned.   Waffles: Dark chocolate lavender and mixed berry compote sauce were absolutely amazing.    I think I prefer this over Cafe Medina.	 0
I love Chambar! My friends and I went here for brunch our last day in Vancouver, and I am so glad we did!  The place is beautiful, trendy, and chic! Our server (I forgot her name) gave us the most incredible service, and the food was fantabulous!  This is the perfect place to go if you want to experience an excellent foodie experience!  I highly recommend!	 0
This is probably one of my favourite restaurant in the city and I have lots. It is a safe bet that I would enjoy everything here. Food is always amazing and dessert are quite innovative, not your typical fares. Nice wine list.	 0
GREAT views. FRESH food. And for crying out loud.. get the SALMON OSHI!!!  I live in California and still DREAAAMMM of that amazing dish. Unfortunately our fish in the US just is not the same. This is the real deal right here!	 0
The much hyped aburi sushi is made up of remarkably thin piece of sashimi on top of a densely compacted cube of rice, gotta admire the knife skill.  If I havent tried better I would've thought this is what aburi sushi is really like.  Price wise it's not way up there but it's not cheap either,  for the money I suggest go get some real sushi instead.  Granted the items we ordered tasted decent and some actually quite good, however just not feeling satisfied after the meal, and the portions were all very small,  4 of us spent over $300 ( did not order any alcohol/drinks) and I was still hungry after the meal, went had a bowl of ramen afterward.  Also, it was a Saturday night I guess they were hoping we could leave asap so they come and collected the plates as soon as we finish one, the feeling of being rushed is unpleasant.    Wondering why so many good reviews ?	 1
What a way to end a trip to Van, lunch at a restaurant with a beautiful view of the bay and amazing food.  We decided to go miku zen (selection of chef chosen items and pieces of their famous Aburi sushi) so we could experience everything Miku had to offer. Our items were: ebi fritter, quinoa salad, beef shank & potato and seared tuna. We also got a order of the chicken nanban (it was like a fancy japanese style chicken nuggets!)  Everything was sensational! You could tell the chefs put a lot of effort into each dish, the textures and flavors of everything were perfectly brought together. If you've never had aburi style, you're missing out. The flame searing gives the fish a wonderful smoky and caramelized touch.  Well worth the price and it'll be an experience you won't forget!	 0
Yes, this place is expensive but it's worth every cent. You know when you go spent $80/person on a meal and you underwhelmed afterwards. This will not happen here. You probably won't spend $80/person, unless you are drinking, but you won't be underwhelmed. We were in town two nights and we came here for dinner and then late night snack the next. They have traditional seating, restaurant seating and bar seating. The drink list was impressive as well for a sushi place. They have some interesting dishes and traditional dishes and everything was well prepared, presented perfectly and tasted divine. I can't remember everything we got but my favorite were these rice square things that were a perfect bite size. I hate it when rolls are too big for your mouth or are uncomfortable to eat. I attached a picture. There were three options and they were all so good.   On your way out grab a handful of the mints that they give. Not just one, seriously grab a handful. It's a chocolate mint thing that made my last memory of Miku heaven.	 0
Came here because it has great reviews and being in Vancouver, I figure I probably couldn't go wrong with seafood. Miku is known for their signature Aburi-style cuisine with food served on beautiful Arita plate ware from Kyushu, Japan.   For dinner, I ordered the Miku roll but was bummed as it was lacking uni (sea urchin) being out of season. However, I still got it because it looked good. I also had a miso soup, the Aburi lobster tail and a botan ebi (sweet shrimp) and an ikura (salmon roe) nigiri.  The Aburi Lobster tail came with scallop-ikura couscous, roasted vegetables and cayenne tomato aioli miso herb sauce. the Miku roll has salmon, crab, cucumber rolled in tobiko and Miku sauce, even lacking an ingredient I really like, was still decadently delicious.   Friendly staff, great service. It will be my first stop when I return to Vancouver andI can't wait to try more food on the menu!	 0
I LOVE Miku sushi! Their best dishes by far are their chirashi tart and the salmon aburi sushi.  They put so much special effort into making their sushi taste unique, so this is a must try sushi spot in Vancouver. Vancouver is famous for excellent sushi, but Miku takes the #1 spot in my books. Pricewise, its definitely pricier than the average sushi place but it is worth it. Their cooked dishes are mediocre, and the sea harbor platter are "just okay", so I say just order more Aburi sushi!  Ambience is very modern, and you have an ocean view for a large portion of the restaurant. If you get seated outside, they even provide blankets to keep you warm. The bathrooms are very fancy and clean.   Coming from Los Angeles, this sushi spot is better than most of the modern sushi spots in LA and is priced so well. A similar meal in LA would cost at least double.   Dont forget to make reservations! This spots fills up quick, even during lunch since all the corporate businessmen grab lunch here.	 0
Holy Shit! Have I got your attention yet? Yeah well if I don't then move on because Miku is worth turning off your cell phone, putting the dog in the yard, getting a dog/baby-sitter and unplugging all major appliances - so listen the EF up!  Miku is my jam, my YVR pals spoke highly of them and said that if I had to have one meal it would be here. So let's begin by thanking my gal pal Jody for listing this as a must try spot in Vancouver.  I walked in with about 45 minutes left in their lunch service, was seated right away and attended to within seconds. My server was fantastic, despite my later arrival he was patient, informative and never made me feel rushed throughout the process - ensuring to explain the menu, his recommendations and how best to enjoy their sushi (without soy sauce - pro tip).  Miku is famous for their pressed/torched sushi and most famous for their layered pressed salmon sushi with rice, special mayo and jalapeno. It's an entré option on its own and I wish I would have gotten that because once I tried it in my meal I was in love.  For my meal I wanted to experience all they offered in their famous pressed/sushi menu as well as taste the freshness of their sashimi. To accomplish this I had the premium sushi platter which came with a chef's selection of their famous pressed sushi including the aforementioned salmon, fresh mackerel, an assortment of other pressed options and some fun spins on traditional sushi. Every bite on this plate was absolutely fantastic and had cost and time not been a factor I might have ordered 1-2 more platters of this.  To try their fish I went with their sashimi platter which was un-believ-a-bull! So fresh, but also so few pieces - 8 only! Knowing I had only limited quantities of this fresh fish (from Japan every couple of days) I ensured to heed my servers advice and take my time and savour every piece of fish, chewing slowly and wow.   Kiku has opened my mind and expanded my palate to truly realize what REAL sushi is! Thank you for that! They apparently have a location now on Bay Street in Toronto - so long bank account!  Eatcrest out	 0
Great sushi dinner last night. Sat at the sushi bar, great waitress and service!  Wonderful variety and quality of fish. Too bad I can't go back for a while, I live in LA.	 0
We discovered poke long ago on a trip to Hawaii so we have an idea of what was authentic poke. This place matched what you might find in Hawaii but also could have it's own tastes.  Everything was fresh and the staff was very helpful in figuring out their Make your Own bowl menu. All served in a large bowl with pretty much your choices of everything they had.  We also tried their Yuzu Lemonade, which was also wonderful.  I would say the prices are on par with any place you eat out so I don't have a problem with that.   If I'm nit picking the only thing that didn't work for me was listening to Grandmaster Flash's The Roof is on Fire and Nelly's It's Getting Hot in Here while I was trying to channel a past Hawaiian vacation through food. Haha...  Great place to eat though, we will be back.	 0
This is by far the best poke place in town  The place has the freshest fish and the best selection to chose from   Don't go to any other poke place in town they are all second place compared to pacific poke   Must try so good here	 0
Loved the poké here!  Fresh and delicious!  It was our first time here and the server was very helpful and friendly.  We went for the chef inspired creations as suggested; so we ordered the Main and the Keefer.  They are more expensive than creating your own regular sized bowl but worth it.  We were still able to choose and mix our base, so chose sushi rice and kale.  We had a mouthful of clean, wholesome food that was light and refreshing!  Don't get me wrong, that didn't mean leaving hungry for hearty food eaters like us.  We left happily full after eating a healthy meal.  The mix of flavors and textures from the fresh ingredients wowed us.  You have to eat through it slowly so you can make out what you're eating through the layers of freshness.  The amount of fresh fish in each of our bowls was satisfying.  The coconut drink was also refreshing.  The place is small, simple, clean, and refreshing, just like the menu and food they serve.  All the decor is white and I was digging the white wave washing over the wall and ceiling.  Order and pay at counter.  Communal sitting at the long table.  Sort and recycle your foodware when you're done.  Limited street parking; mostly metered but there are a few unmetered spots if you keep your eyes open.	 0
Great stuff. I'm on a low carb high protein diet so this place is perfect. We showed up there relatively late , and most of the choices were already gone. I'd recommend going earlier if you do want all the choices. A reasonable price, I found it more filling than going for Sashimi.   They do make the whole ordering experience easy as well. I'd 100% recommend going here if you want a clean, healthy eating experience.	 0
Amazing poke! The fish are fresh with variety of sauces /toppings to choose from and they offer paninis which is a good alternative if you don't like rice.  I customized my poke bowl with ahi tuna, negitoro on sushi rice, toppingwise (you can pick 3) i had jalapeño, avocado nori (extra $1) and seaweed salad with a touch of wasabi crunch to finish the beautiful poke bowl. Sushi rice was the right texture not mushy, fish are fresh and toppings are tasty. They also have some house made drinks available, I had the coconut drink which was light and refreshing.  Overall, excellent poke, fast service, friendly staff, clean and nice interior. I would def. come back for more poke!	 0
Had a great takeout lunch! I had the Main and my bf had the Keefer. Both with Brown Rice. So delicious and extremely fresh! I would definitely recommend friends to come here and I will also be back!	 0
When I saw the price, I wrote it off as a rip off but tried it anyhow as a friend suggested going there. However, I was pleasantly surprised that the poke bowl was not only delicious but actually filling. I am big fan of the spicy poke. We ordered the Main and the Keefer and I have been a second time since and it was just as good as the first time.	 0
I usually don't like poke, but you the Pacific Poke make me addict. Fresh and delicious poke infact. Staff is very cooperative and friendly. But prices are somewhat up. Hope to have same standard in next visit..!	 0
My new favorite lunch spot! Amazingly fresh sashimi grade fish and great flavor profile.  Great if you like sushi but want more greens for a healthier option! Love that you can choose between brown rice, quinoa, or kale as the base (or mix) highly recommended!!! I will be back!	 0
Went here last night with my parents who are vegetarian. I always have a hard time finding a place they and I both enjoy.  This place was absolutely perfect.  They have 2 vegetarian options which my parents got and I created my own bowl. The ingredients we fresh and flavorful. This is my new go to restaurant.	 0
This place is amazing! Super fresh ingredients! I've had The Main bowl a couple of times, it is absolutely delicious!	 0
Wow!!!  Amazing freshness. And I loved the way they "Arnold-Palmerized" the unsweetened tea!  Great to have this place in the neighborhood.	 0
Oh my god, their food is delicious!!!  The wild salmon mixed with the greens, seaweed,kale, avocado, lightly seasoned and fresh tuna on top of a bed of rice or quinoa is a taste explosion for your taste buds!  It's a complete meal that leaves your belly satisfied and a smile on your lips!	 0
I visited Tavolva's in the summer and I've been meaning to write a review... So here it is!  OH! MY! GOODNESS!!!! The food here is unbelievable!   I had the home made pasta with pork meat balls...still drooling and the Castelvetrano Olive Tapenade where the perfect way to start our evening. My partner had the Gnocchi with brown sage butter & hazelnuts. Seriously!!! Best Italian I've had so far in Vancouver.  The location is super sweet and the service was spot on!!	 0
Unforgettable Experience - If only my wife will forget!  To celebrate my wife's birthday, we went to Tavola's to try something new. The reviews seem to rave about the food and the service - should be a memorable evening.  Food - Ordered a variety of items but remembered that the brisket was dry/overcooked. The burrata was the only thing that was decent.  Service - Waiter was pretentious. Friendly, if you were part of the hipster crowd. Got our orders wrong. Not once did he check on us until the very end.  I cannot recall being so disappointed dining out. Truly awful evening on a most special day for my wife and children.	 1
Oh My Goodness! Thank you restaurant gods!   My husband and I had dinner here for my birthday earlier this month, and WOW! wow wow wow!  This is by far, THE BEST Italian restaurant in lower mainland. Yes, THE BEST! I've been to Italy, I've had good Italian food, and this place is really really really delicious!  It was a sunday night, around 645pm.. we arrived to a packed house. We had the option of sitting inside or outside. Being that it was the evening, in December.. we chose to sit on the heated patio (mainly because it had more privacy).  Holy romance Batman! haha We had the whole patio to ourselves, we watched people walk by. We enjoyed great conversations.. eating impeccable food, bundled up in our soft (may I add they were brand new) blankets.  We started with the "Burrata with La Quercia Prosciutto" -- um HELLO? where have you been all of my life! Mouth watering prosciutto. The temperature of the meat and cheese were absolutely perfect. I cannot emphasize this enough, everything here was perfect!  For mains we ordered the "Bucatini all'Amatriciana" and the "Casarecce", both were bomb diggity! The portions were perfect, mind you we came in very very hungry, they were perfect. Not too big, not to small. We wouldn't have minded if they were too big ;)  The best part of our experience.. we were served by the owner. Who's a total gem! He had this amazing welcoming energy. He was just glowing! No signs of stress or tension, he looked amazing! He was well dressed, very fun to talk to! It was almost as if my husband and I wanted to come back just to hang out with him!  You must check out Tavola! I promise you will not be disappointed!	 0
Just moved in the neighbourhood and I can see this restaurant becoming a regular hangout. The service is warm, genuine and the staff work in harmony. Our server suggested to choose for our party of 5 and to bring food for us which we gladly accepted. All choices were tasty, prepared with care and had a feel of home cooked meal. The ribeye steak and brick chicke in particular stood out as great dishes. See you soon.	 0
I attempted to come here twice, each time with no reservations. The first time, I was given a half hour wait time, but I had to leave before being seated because my boyfriend could not find any parking remotely close to this restaurant. The second time, we managed to park a block away and they had some open spots on the patio or at the bar. We chose the bar. Just a warning, parking is difficult and reservations are recommended!  The bartender was very friendly and helpful throughout our meal, checking up on us regularly. We ordered the Burrata with La Quercia Prosciutto, Bucatini all'Amatriciana and Linguini. My favorites were the Bucatini and the Burrata. That burrata is what dreams are made of. Weeks later, and I still daydream about it and bring it up to my boyfriend, like "Remember that burrata we had? Yummmm". It is a must order!	 0
Food alone is a 4.5, but the overall experience is an easy 5. We left feeling rejuvenated.   As others have mentioned, the burrata is probably one of the best appetizers in town. No need for the variant with prosciutto - letting the burrata, herbed bread, and olive oil shine on their own was delightful.   For mains, we shared the bucatini and the daily pasta special - a 3-cheese stuffed beet ravioli. The latter was phenomenal: halfway through the dish I was still discovering new flavors and textures, despite the simple description. The bucatini was very good, but too heavy on the salt. Otherwise, the flavors were nice and house-made pasta had an addicting chewiness.   A well-designed room and great service (on-point wine recommendation) = the cherry on top. Well done, Tavola.	 0
Every cell in my tongue and digestive tract felt nourished after this meal. Beware of exceptional tasting Italian food.  Burrata with sea salt and olive oil: The simultaneously firm yet creamy and spreadable burrata, served with tasty slices of toasted bread, tasted even more beautiful than it looked.  Bucatini all'Amatriciana: Delightfully chewy bucatini (like thick spaghetti with a hole through the middle) coated with a spicy tomato based sauce. Mmmm.  Gnocchi: Great harmony with the butter sauce and pine nuts.  Sticky toffee pudding (with ice cream on top!): Satisfying dessert to round off the meal. The sticky toffee syrup is quite sweet and the size of this thing makes it shareable.  PLEASE MAKE RESERVATIONS, or else you will be glaring enviously at others while you wait your turn!	 0
Thoroughly enjoyed my dinner tonight. I was greeted right away by a friendly waitress and sat at a very nice cozy table, the restaurant was dimly lit and decorated very nicely. We ordered two of the Crostini's one was the Walnut Pesto with Gorgonzola & pear and the other was the Chickpea with Roasted Garlic & Herbs, both were tremendous! We then decided to order three of the main pasta dishes to share, we tried the Gnocchi with brown sage butter & hazelnuts, the Bucatini all'Amatriciana and the Tonnarelli Cacio Pepe. All three dishes were incredible. The food was perfect, the service was top notch! Loved it! I highly recommend giving this place a go!	 0
The reviews do it justice so I'll keep it short. Amazing burrata, amazing pasta, amazing service. The waiters were even playing with a fussy toddler to try and make the dining experience better for the parents, so sweet. Every dish was amazing, the cacio e Pepe was the favorite, but honestly you can't go wrong. Will be back. Very impressed. Also make a reservation if you want a certain table, family style seeting is fun but because I called they found us a spot at a private table which better suited our family.	 0
Went here for a guys dinner (12 guys).  There are not a lot of places that would accommodate that many people without having to get a private room or a big F&B minimum.  We had reservations for 8pm.  Place was pretty packed.   Ambiance:  Very low key.  Not terribly big but very homey feeling.  YOu can see everything that is going on from all angles of the restaurant.  Restrooms were clean.   Service:  Fantastic.  We were seated right away, smack dab in the middle of the restaurant.  The server came and discussed the menu with my friend.  Pretty much it was going to be a chef's choice done in a family style way.  I love not having to make decisions.  Drink orders were taken right away and brought out in a timely fashion.  Food came out at a decent pace.  The manager came out and asked how things were.  We did not feel rushed.  Great service. Food:  I had no idea what to expect.  We were all hungry.  First course was a crostini, burrata cheese, and prosciutto plate.  The burrata was amazing, very creamy.  I could have eaten the whole plate myself.  Next came a tomato salad.  Very simple but the tomatoes were delicious and sweet. The entrees came out all together.  I love family style.  We had 2 different pastas, a pork ragu and and the buccatini.  I loved the ragu, but my friends all preferred the buccatini.  The pasta was fresh and perfectly al dente.  Seasoning was on point.  I could have had just the pasta dishes. However, next came the protein.  The roasted chicken was fantastic.  Very juicy. Some thought it was the best chicken they have ever tasted.  The rib eye with the salsa verde was my favorite.  IT was cooked perfectly medium rare- medium.  The salsa verde was kind of like a chimmachuri.  I also enjoyed the arugula salad that came with it.  You couldn't go wrong with either protein.  We thought we would have no room for dessert, but alas, we opted for the tasting.  There were 3 items.  There was a banana bread pudding of sorts that was really really good.  However, my favorite was the panacotta.  It had some berries in it.  Very creamy, yet not overly sweet.  So delicious. Value:  The bill came out to about $70 (USD).  Quite a value if you ask me.    I would definitely return if I had a group and do the family style dinner all over again.	 0
Been 3 times. First time, sat at the bar. Waited for over 15 minutes to order a drink. Bartender was too busy flipping through a magazine, trying to impress a few girls at the bar by showing how little he cared about the customer.  Second time, went with a friend who is a regular. Same bartender was decent. Brought us our drinks in a timely manner. Food was a little better than ok. Slightly above average.  Third and last time: tonight..... Phoned ahead to ask if it was busy. Advised we could be there in less than 15 minutes. Arrived in only 10 minutes, only to be told they were slammed. Would be an hour wait!  As previously mentioned....the food was better (but only marginally)  than average.  CinCin, Zeffirelli's......much, MUCH better service and far better food.  Doubt I'll try Tavola again......at least not for a long while.	 1
Amazing food with excellent customer service!   I would frequently see this little hidden gem whenever I bike to Stanley park but never actually stopped by. After a recommendation from another a friend, I decided to jump the gun and give this place a try. Although the menu at Tavola isn't large, there is a real good reason for it - Every dish is delicious and is cooked to perfection. I also like how they have a different daily dishes and how creative they are with then daily dishes. The servers are also extremely friendly and knowledgeable. It's very clear that they enjoy working there! Haha!  Do NOT skip dessert here, the sticky coffee pudding is amazzzzinggg and is worth every single bite !	 0
I thought they make tabola but they don't! So I gave them a try and was pleased with the fantastic dinner we had me and my GF Great food with nice selection of good quality Italian, big fan	 0
Best Italian food I've EVER had. Period  Love it. Champagne, pasta Ravi, and a lemon desert that will make me fly 2300 miles to have again	 0
The place itself is so nice with lots of space and light. Love the ambience and love the staff. The service was really great.  Went here for brunch and got to try the corned beef hash, salmon Benny and a French toast with pears. Everything was great, but the corned beef hash with eggs stood out and overshadowed the rest. We also got a flight of beers which you should do and bloody Mary's which you should also try as they're different.   I would love to come back here and try other items on the menu, but for now let me dream about the corned beef hash...	 0
The Alibi Room has been on my personal list of places to try for quite some time. A few days ago I was in the area so I decided to give it a try!  When I arrived at 5PM on the dot and it was completely empty inside I was slightly nervous. I was confused as to why there wasn't a single soul inside on a nice Summer afternoon, but then I realized 5PM is what time they open. Within 10 minutes of then being open it started to fill up and by the time my food came out it was completely packed!  The restaurant itself is in a Heritage building which is over 100 years old, it's also right next to some train tracks which can make for a very unique dining experience, don't let that stuff fool you though, this place is modern and amazing. The food itself is all locally sourced, ocean friendly and naturally raised.   My waitress was a real star she was so helpful and knowledgeable about the food and the vast selection of beers on tap. For my appetizer I ordered the Edamame Beans which were seasoned with toasted sesame salt, they were absolutely delicious! For my main course I ordered the Broccoli & Mushroom Stir Fry which came with Spinach, Organic Tofu, Rice Noodles in a Ginger-Soy Sauce. The Stir Fry was without a doubt one of the best I've ever had!  In conclusion this place surpassed all of my expectations. The atmosphere, service, food and all around vibe of the place was top notch!  I will definitely be back!	 0
Kind of away from all the bars in Gastown, but what a fun find! The roommate and I walked here after dinner on Sunday, January 17th, a little the after 9pm. We sat at the bar for drinks and an after dinner snack.  *Strange fellows' "jonguleur" Belgian style whitbier ($6.75 large) *Tofino's "tuff sess" amber pale ale ($6.75 large)  Since they had an extensive beer list, I decided to try some brews. I basically told the bartender I'm normally a fan of Belgian whites so she suggested the strange fellows. It was a little lighter than I wanted so she suggested the tofino as a follow up. I wish they asked me what size beer I wanted as I really wanted the smaller sizes. I had a hard time finishing that 2nd beer.  *Nikka pure malt black: Japan ($16) *Double house bourbon ($8.50)  The roommate had been drinking straight pours all night so he just stuck to that. He was still a little hungry so we ordered the Charcuterie plate: daily selection, house condiments, warm breads ($17.50). Good assortment of meats and condiments. If I were hungrier, I would have been all over this dish.  Great bartenders and a fun place. I noticed people getting beer samplers, but I didn't see it on the menu. For a beer novice like me, I probably should have gotten a sampler instead of two large beers. Maybe I'll use this as an excuse to come back!  Note: They have free WiFi! Just ask for the password.	 0
I had my birthday dinner here this past Saturday night. I made a reservation on the Tuesday, and they were very responsive and accommodating. Incredible evening here - amazing drinks list, fabulous menu, amazing service, just couldn't have asked for better.   There was a group of 8 of us, and at no point did we feel rushed or pressured to wrap up and leave. Two of our group have a long list of allergies and they were accommodated with ease, and I opted for the fried chicken sandwich without the jalapeno and this was no problem either. Can I say again the service was amazing?!  Great ambiance as well - busy but not over-crowded, great vibe and nice surroundings. Really loved my birthday dinner here and would recommend to anyone.	 0
Well I toggled between for and five stars for a while but let's see where i am by reviews end: Great set up: nicely spaced tables, excellent lighting- sunny from either window side depending in the time of day ( if your lucky enough to get a sunny day here in raincouver) Perfect score on service- seated, menus right amount of check in, timing for orders and everything. Amazing beer selection & I appreciated the hop legend. Nice snack menu- we got 2 salads and loved them both. Washrooms are down stairs and pay the legs but big and more than one stall.  There even parking for $1 / hour.  Ok. Why am I holding out? They get five stars.	 0
Huge beer selection and great food! My friend and I each did flights of beer and were pretty good. We didn't know what to get and our waiter gave us great suggestions on what to try. We got the beer salad and stir fry after reading other reviews. The food was also pretty good. I liked the ambience to this place. It wasn't too busy when we got there or left but is a pretty big space. We didn't have to wait or anything and service was good! I'd say it's a must stop if you're a beer lover!	 0
Seriously....I can't get over their selection!  Alibi Room has always been great with their selections. They have sours!!! Not just any sours...GREAT SOURS!  Their prices are wonderful for what they are offering on tap. I somehow always get a little tipsy here as they just have everything I want to try. The ambiance is amazing. Noise level is mildly loud, but not loud enough where you can't have a great conversation.  I know they have one in Los Angeles and Seattle, but I believe this is the OG. Also, don't expect a cab to pass by around this area, you may need to walk or call for one. Really...I just love coming back here.  There is one disappointment...THEY DON'T MAKE THE MEGA DESTROYER ANYMORE! BRING IT BACK!!!! I hope everyone else that comes here enjoys it as much as I do!	 0
Brilliant tap selection, knowledgable and friendly staff, an amazing kitchen and a wonderful atmosphere. This is hands down my favorite place in Vancouver for the beer selection with food that pairs well.  No TVs, no loud music, no BS. Just good people and high quality everything.	 0
Exceeded expectations on all fronts! Must visit if you at in Vancouver. We "stumbled" upon this place while exploring VC.  Their Fries are non-greasy and other worldly. Loved the home made sauce that comes with it. I tried the smoked salmon and wifey tried the Asian stir fry noodles. Both were bursting with flavors and were unique. They had only one item on their dessert menu, but nailed it. Would highly recommend this to any other restaurants nearby due to the quality of food, reasonable prices and attentive staff...	 0
This is in the Gastown district in Vancouver. For those from Washington, DC, the Gastown district is like Georgetown. Anyhow, this is several blocks away and tucked in one of the side streets. We were promptly seated near one of the communal benches. It has a hip vibe to it. . . dare I say a positive hipster vibe as opposed to others. Anyhow, our waitress was very nice and she recommended drinks and entrees to start with. I was very pleased to go here and would have gone the night before if I had known about it.	 0
Robson is home to a ton of amazing restaurants, but Guu is definitely my favourite! Authentic, home-style Japanese comfort food is always an A+ in my books.  It's been pretty cold this year, so both times I came I tried their hot pots: the sukiyaki and the chanko. Both are super flavourful and nourishing. The sukiyaki has a sweet and savoury broth. I loved the potato noodles and the tender beef. The chanko had a more mild, classic savoury broth and felt like a comforting chicken soup like mom used to make. The chicken pieces were grilled first, which was really nice, and they even had homemade chicken meatballs! Moreover, the veggies complemented both hot pots well. The daily side dishes you get are simple, but always tasty!   The interior of this place is so cute and makes you feel at home right away. Wood benches and tables and adorable decorations make this a place where you can really be relaxed and enjoy the food! The staff are attentive and friendly.  Without a doubt, stop by Guu! It's on the corner so it's easy to miss this hole-in-the-wall, but make sure you keep your eyes peeled and come by for some of the best Japanese food in Vancouver.	 0
Guu With Garlic?!?! YES PLEASEEEEEE!!! Our first night in Vancouver took us to this Japanese Tapas Restaurant. Sake bombs to start us off while we wait for the delicious variety of tapas we ordered!  WE ORDERED: ------------------------- - Seared Albacore - Ahi-Tuna - Uni Rice Bowl - Garlic Beef Tongue - Potato Mochi - Grilled Pork Cheek - Smoked Monkfish Liver - Kabocha Croquette -  - Calamari - Spicy Chicken Wings - Agedashi Tofu - Salmon Carpaccio  I just loved the vibe here and of course the foods. My favorites were: Uni Rice, the croquettes, Garlicky beef tongue, salmon carpaccio, and seared albacore! It was definitely a great start of our food crawl around Vancouver!	 0
Authentic Japanese food within walking distance of our hotel!? (Listel) Yes, please!!  You know you're here when you see a bunch of people waiting outside in 30 degree weather!! That's how good it is!!! Luckily, my parents were able to get a reservation! Right when you walk in, you're greeted with cheering and welcomes from everyone that works here!   This place is Izakaya style which means small, sharable plates. Here's the long list of tasty dishes we ordered!  First up was a pitcher of Yuzu Mojito! That seriously tasted like juice!! It was so sweet! But it was so refreshing! The lemony Yuzu, chunks of lime, and mint made this drink so irresistible!! This drink is definitely one to try!   Next up, FOOOOOD!!! First up, fried whole lobster! This thing was almost a food long! It very crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. Although deep fried, it wasn't at all oily. It came with a tartar sauce dipping sauce.   Next up was Pumpkin Croquet. First off, omg the presentation was glorious! A sphere covered in a pinky sauce with some of the pumpkin skin on top as garnish. This deep fried kombocha pumpkin even had a boiled egg inside. This too was crispy on the outside but nice and moist on the inside. The sauce it came with complemented this dish well.   The unagi rice came next in a very hot stone pot. Again, the presentation of this dish was beautiful! Rice, unagi (eel), a runny egg, ginger, and nori (dried seaweed). Almost too pretty to eat! But we needed to mix it up to fully enjoy this dish! Once mixed up, we waited a couple minutes for the rice to get just a little crispy! Try it! It add some texture to the mushy rice.   Up next, okonomiyaki! If you don't know what this is, it's a savory Japanese pancake. This one included seafood!!! It was crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. The sweet sauce and bonito (fish) flakes added to this dish.   Now, onto the sashimi platters! The first platter we had included sockeye salmon, hamachi (yellow fin tuna), and seabreem. The second platter included sockeye salmon, hamachi belly and hamachi. Omg! These pieces were quality, thick cuts!! They didn't taste fishy at all! It came with shredded daikon and a shio leaf to add texture and some minty-ness!   For some heartier dishes, we ordered the BBQ hanger steak, grilled salmon, pork cheeks, and beef tongue. Everything was so tender and came with their own unique sauces. These were gobbled up within 3 minutes!!!   Overall, seriously good, quality, food and service! Our waters were never empty, food kept coming, and our waiter was very informative, friendly, and attentive despite the very busy restaurant. I really loved how each dish was carefully crafted with beautiful presentation and delicious sauces! Definitely a must try place!	 0
THE BEST CASUAL JAPANESE FOOD I'VE EVER HAD...  Holy crap! Yes. YES. yes. Guu with Garlic was my first stop as soon as getting off the amtrak in Vancouver. A late lunch for two on enthusiastic empty stomachs, we got way too much food (and the waitress told us so), because we wanted to try everything. We ordered the karaage & sashimi lunch sets, as well as an unagi don. But it was so good, nothing was left on our plates.  We ate basically exclusively Japanese food while we visited Vancouver, and this meal was my favorite. HOW does Vancouver have such good Japanese food, it's not fair!!?	 0
Fantastic Izakaya!    Only 10min walk away from the Stanley Park. Didn't need to wait if you came within 15 minutes of its open at 5:30pm.   Service: super friendly and the serving staff speak Japanese to each other only. Feels like I'm really in a shinyashokudoo!   Food: great selections of specials and desserts. We went for the regular ones though. Sashimi salad was very fresh. Beef tongue and yaki udon tasted like heaven because of the right amount of butter they added I guess. Tako wasabi was very yummy and had nori (dried seaweed) served with it too. The only disappointment was the sake lees salmon neck. Anyways, this izakaya also have a oden soup selection, which totally amazed me! We ordered a chikuwa and it was perfect. And there are so many more I want to try!	 0
There were many eating highlights in Vancouver for me but Guu with Garlic is probably one of my top 3 favorite restaurants. Service was warm and frienly and the food, oh the food is just delightful.  Here is what we ordered/ ratings:  - Premium Garlic Beef Tongue: sliced beef tongue w/ garlic butter soy sauce (5 stars) LOVE the garlic bits, tenderness and flavors of this dish!  - Beef-Tataki: thin sliced beef sashimi w/ plum sauce (5 stars): Melt in your mouth beef sashimi. The plum sauce definetly set this apart from other tataki.  -Seared albacore-tuna with ponzu sauce and garlic bits (5 stars): This was also one of our favorite dish that night. Those garlic bits!  - Uni - meshi: bbq eel and rice in hot stone bowl (5 stars): My friends love this dish. The eel was very flavorful and had a smokiness to it.  - Grilled pork cheek (5 stars): Lightly seasoned grilled tender pork in ponzu sauce, simple yet delicious.  - Potato-Mochi: deep-fried sticky potato cake w/ melted cheese inside (4 stars): Crispy outside, gooeyness inside. YUM!  - Kabocha Croquette: boiled egg wrapped w/ mashed pumpkin croquette w/ Guu original sauce (3 stars): Pretty presentation but it was a little too sweet and a little too bland.  - Smoked monkfish liver (3 star): Buttery and creamy. YUM.  - Calamari (3 stars): Typical calamari fried legs  -Deep fried spicy chicken wings (2 stars): Crispy wings but it wasn't spicy.  -Agedashi tofu (2 stars): Typical agedashi tofu dish.  I would come back here in a heart beat (LOL) and order more dishes from their specials that night. And if you love garlic, I recommend getting any dishes with those fried bits.	 0
Lively atmosphere, very friendly service, and delicious food.   My boyfriend and I dropped by around 8:30 PM on a Friday and only waited maybe 10 minutes before we were seated at the bar. I think we lucked out. A lot (maybe all?) of the restaurant's orders came out right in front of us and made us drool and FOMO all night long. But that doesn't mean we didn't enjoy our meal of sashimi, takoyaki, and chicken nanban. I'm not a sashimi snob, but we were happy with the quality. The takoyaki and chicken nanban hit the spot. We weren't too hungry so that was enough to tide us over. But on any other day, I would have also definitely ordered either the sukiyaki special or a steak because...like I said, all those food orders coming out in front of us = FOMO.	 0
Second time at GUU and never disappointed. You're truly going to get an authentic feel of Izakaya like you would get in Japan. When you come in, people will scream Welcome and when you leave, people will scream thank you in Japanese.   My favorites were the taco rice, beef tongue, pork cheek, beef tataki... so many more that I can't remember.   You must try if you're shopping on Robson street! But be aware of the wait, it can be pretty long.	 0
I wished I came more hungry so I could try more stuff! Everything I tried was really good.   Recommend:  Fried pork chop Salmon carpaccio Need tongue  Almond tofu pudding   I'm from the US so I'm used to telling the wait staff to keep the change (for tip) and leaving immediately after. My waiter seemed confused for a quick second before understanding and wished me a good night. So I would stick around and wait for the change, then leave so they don't think you're trying to run off lol or not give a tip	 0
Delicious and cheap ( VS London where I live)  Fresh produces and friendly staff.  I'm a big fan of izayaka's as they are usually vibrant and this place was no exception!  My friend and I were starving so we order loads: Marinated eggplant: never had cold eggplant before but man was it delish (a must order)  Octopus sunomono: some sort of marinated octopus. that was my least favourite dish, no real flavour but still good quality octopus  Grilled calamari (ika maru) : to die for, grilled to perfection and the garlic mayo just gives it the additional kick. also a must  Okonomiyaki: absolutely perfect.   Deep fried smelt fish: also delicious  Pork tenderloin tempura: good but nothing special.  overall this place is just awesome in tasty food and great vibe.	 0
Didn't have high expectations but this place was really good!! After eating an Americanized sushi restaurant the night before I was hoping this place would be better.  The fried pork chop with the mayo sauce is delicious! Very soft and flavorful.  Also ordered the sockeye salmon carpaccio, tasted fresh.  Beef tongue was pretty good as well, but not a must try in my opinion.  Love the guu sauce with garlic!	 0
Great place for a late night snack.  This restaurant was literally across the street from our hotel and the only restaurant opened at 12am. Loud music, loud conversations, loud workers...everything in here was just LOUD. But that totally sets the ambiance to this place. The few patrons dining in during midnight were those who are just chilling with their friends over good food and good company. And I was one of them.   The almond tofu is delish; so delish that I had to order seconds. The texture is silky and it really tasted like tofu, a sweet tofu with a hint of almond. I also ordered the Oden which is a broth where you have the option to add in what you want. I opted an egg, daikon and fish cakes. This was total comfort food. The grilled squid was good. It didn't taste rubbery or chewy compared to other places.   Menu is small. Keep in mind this is a tappa bar so don't expect a full meal entree. They're small dishes with small portions.   My late night hunger was beyond satisfied.	 0
Wow just wow, had to wait an hour for a table but since they use a fully automated, online texting system we could leave and have coffee down the street while we wait for our table. From the moment we were greeted at the door of this packed little bistro, I knew this was a gem. Nestled in a long narrow space on Granville, serving only brunch, it's worth the wait.   Our server was all about customer service. He was on top of every menu item and made us the most amazing Cesar drinks I've every had. All of us ordered Eggs Benny with bacon over brioche. I think I had 4 thick slices of bacon, 2 perfectly poached local eggs with very dark orange yolks-definitely organic, topped with creamy hollandaise sauce. Definitely the best eggs ben and a great culinary experience. Spinach, hash browns, and baked beans were on the side.   On the wall, in the back of the restaurant, is floor to ceiling shelves packed with an assortment of canned and pickled goods; beans and Brussels sprouts which are used in the Cesar's, relishes, jams, carrots etc etc. My daughter and I were admiring the variety (which are all for sale) and one of the owners, Cody, came out and spoke with us briefly. Explaining that all of the canned goods are his grandmas recipes and he personally makes all of them. Very impressive.   There's lots of love in this little place and the food is thoughtfully prepared and served. We'll be back for sure!!	 0
There aren't too many time when FOMO literally tears me apart from the inside out when it comes to making a food decision, yet when dining at the Twisted Fork while in Vancouver the pain of missing out was all too real.  On one hand I was looking at the menu and was all but ready to make a go at the Eggs Benedict option on their menu. I had read the reviews, seen the pictures and was basically sold on trying their take on my favourite breakfast item.  On the other hand, while perusing their menu, I also caught a glimpse of another menu item that I'd read about in their reviews and seen pictures of on their page - the stuffed banana French toast.  So here I am, facing the dilemma of choice, sweet... or savoury. On average, 9.995 times out of 10, savoury wins hands down. And I was leaning toward that this time and going with the eggs benny, but then the server said that if I got the French toast I could order a side of bacon to get some savoury with my sweet. SOLD - she made so much sense.  A literal pile of French toast soon arrived to my seat and wow, there was at least 6 or so slices of bread there, cooked to a crisp on the outside and crusty from the caramelized sugar. Inside the banana was also caramelized heightening the sweetness of the fruit pairing perfectly with the french toast.  Also, worth mentioning was the side of bacon. I'm used to 2-3 overcooked pieces of bacon as a typical 'side'. Not at the Twisted Fork - no sir. I got half a pack of bacon cooked to a perfect mix of soft and yet firm - amazing!  Lastly, the coffee service here was outstanding. Everyone who orders a coffee is provided with their own personal french press full of coffee (3-4 cups easy). This is great as your coffee is always at it's freshest and you never have to chase down a server to get a top up.  I dig this place - I'll be back  Eatcrest Outl	 0
I was kind of disappointed with this place, because I'd read all these good things on Yelp and also on another website, so I had high expectations. And those were solidified when I walked in on a Saturday around noon and was told the wait time was AN HOUR. The good thing is that they take your number and text you when your table is ready, so you don't have to wait around and can go walk and shop around and whatnot until then. Sadly, after we did get our text and returned, the table intended for us was just sitting around and chatting so we had to wait a bit longer.  All of their food items are priced the exact same, at $15.50 which is a pretty decent brunch price. They charge you a ridiculous amount to make substitutions though (at least that's what I was told), which honestly makes like no sense to me. I got the baked eggs which come with bacon on the side and was told it would cost an extra $3 (!!!) to substitute for turkey sausage. For the eggs benedict you can pick one of several options (salmon, sausage, avocado, vegetarian, etc.) for no extra charge so... I don't understand why any other dish would be different? Anyway, due to a mixup I suppose (because our server seemed like she was just not... super adept...), they ended up giving me the sausages anyway and didn't charge me extra, which like, thank the Lord because they weren't good and were really dry and I would have been pissed if I'd paid $3 for them.  The baked eggs were also not anything too special. We did also get an order of the asiago scones ($4.50 for two) and I actually quite enjoyed those. It came with a house-made peach jam with basil or something in it? Pretty unique and quite tasty. They also have their own unique ketchup which has a smokey flavour and actually tastes more like barbecue sauce but without the tang and the kick... it was interesting.   If you order coffee, it comes in a pretty large French press which yeah seems fancy and all that but as a non-coffee drinker I cannot comment on the actual coffee quality.  All in all, the food wasn't bad, but given the wait and the service which was mediocre at best, it just was kind of a letdown for me. My friend got the eggs benny and seemed to enjoy her food more than I did, so maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.	 1
Was very excited to have dinner at Wood Tavern the day before Thanksgiving. It had great reviews on Yelp and was recommended by a friend.  Unfortunately, our experience turned out to be quite a disappointment.   We drove 40 mts to get there and was lucky to find a parking spot right next to the restaurant.  This place was hopping, lots of people waiting to get in. I heard the hostess tell a guy that it was a 45 mt wait to get a spot at the bar. The expectations kept going higher for me...  The ambience was great, good energy and a lot of happy people around. It does get very loud though. All the employees seemed very nice. To start, I ordered a Highlander cocktail which was very strong and good. For the appetizers, we got the pork belly and the brussel sprouts. The pork belly was good but the sprouts over seasoned and salty. For the main course, we got the rib eye steak and the fettuccine pasta with beef short ribs. The steak was chewy and dry and we ended up not finishing it. The pasta was OK.  It was a good size portion and we asked for it to be packed up. For dessert, we ordered the chocolate cake which came with ice cream. It was just OK and the cake was too dry. I would have rounded up the rating to 3 but the service was super slow. The appetizers came out reasonably fast but the main courses took forever. On the way back home, we realized that they never gave us our to go box. Not a big deal but seemed to be consistent with how the rest of the experience had gone. So sadly, was quite a let down for us.	 1
I'm going to start with PORK BELLY. Wait...CRISPY PORK BELLY. I am a pork belly aficionado and their crispy pork belly was so out of this world, I may have gone on a few seconds of coma induced by fatty, crispy, pork deliciousness. Wow...the word "pork" was mentioned 5 times in this one statement.   While the pork belly was the winner, I enjoyed the WHOLE dinner. We had the duck rillettes, the chicken pâté with the drunken goat cheese. After this and the pork belly, I was stuffed by the time I got my seared rib eye. Sadly, I could only get a few bites in. But I definitely enjoyed it the next day. We brought our own wine and corkage fee was only $15!  I usually comment about the design, service etc. but pork belly coma.	 0
Definitely not a hype! I came into this little shack expecting this place to be another over hyped business. Yet, too my surprise, it was great! I will definitely come back again if I was in the area!   Service 5/5  The cashier was extremely welcoming and answered any questions we had. Although there was a long line, the food also came out at a reasonable pace. Excellent service!   Food  Short rib Koja- 5/5 our cashier recommended this. Perfectly cooked and well seasoned. Highly recommend!    Teriyaki zen koja - 5/5 instead of meat, it is replaced with a well braised portobello mushroom. Vegan friend approved!   Kamikaze fries- 5/5 criss cut fries with beef, kimchi, and japanese mayo. Oh my god. So yummy!!!!!	 0
My boyfriend had chicken bones in his chicken tacos at Koja! What the heck man... it's not even the fact that the tacos were less than $3 it shouldn't have been in his tacos in the first place. The food wasn't even cooked fresh and warm. It was cold tortilla and cold chicken. The fries were drenched in sauce and meat. It wasn't even warm. It looked like a lazy Wednesday to the workers.   "Why don't you complain to the manager." "Why don't you get a refund."  If my bf and I are going to eat after a long day of work. We wouldn't have to go through that bs of cold food. Just sayin!	 1
Our friends recommended this to my man and I when we visted Berkeley.  Kamikaze fries and Ahi Tuna bowl were incredible!!! All the flavors and textures all went SO well together!  I highly recommend these food items, they both deserve ***** 5stars for the taste, size, and price! We shared both items and it was enough for both of us, plus we gladly had some room for dessert! Very pleased with the portion sizes! Not too small and not too much! You don't feel gross after. Little did we know that they opened a Koja in San Mateo, which I also wrote a review on.  My only suggestion for the business is to fix the seating and tables.  It was pretty difficult to move the tables so that one can fit to sit on the wall benches. I like that you guys use pagers so you don't keep hearing numbers or names being yelled out.	 0
Came here for a late dinner tonight at around 9:30pm. At this time of night it wasn't very busy. There were about three tables filled besides me. I decided to order the Koja Beef Burger (about $7) and my order was ready in about less than 5 minutes. Koja Beef Burger (5/5)- Loved the creativity and loved the taste! At first I thought it was going to be a ramen burger, but it was like a rice patty burger. It tasted like I was eating a KBBQ dish in a burger form. The whole time I was devouring my burger, I was just thinking about how brilliantly innovative the idea of this burger was. Definitely come give it a try!  Overall, 5/5. Fast service and a tasty, affordable, and creative burger. Definitely will be coming back to try their kamikaze fries.	 0
DO NOT FALL INTO THE HYPE!  My friends & I were searching for places to eat lunch. We excitedly found KoJa on Yelp & were intrigued from looking through their photos. They didn't open until 11Am so we waited outside.   Finally, we entered & weren't greeted. All of the employees has a smug face & never said a word; they just stared at us.  I give two stars because of the price; it was pretty decent for the amount you were getting.  Once our food came, it looked appetizing, but not like they advertised.   The BBQ beef bowl had too much sauce which made it hard to enjoy and taste the actual meat. The meat was mixed with salad that was used as a filler but they put too much of it and not enough meat.  The Chicken KoJa was too big to eat. The rice "patties" were too thick. I felt that it could have been a little thinner so that it could have been easily to eat like a burger.   This place was "over-glamorized" by advertising that they were featured on the shows such as Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives.  Save yourself the time & give business to other restaurants who actually deserve it.	 1
Ingenious! I love the concept of having rice as a bun! The rice bun has a crispy outside with a soft middle. The menu is simple but oh so delicious. I got the beef koja: tender bulgogi, sauteed onions, sesame vinaigrette lettuce, pineapple, red sauce, sesame seeds. For the side item I got the Kamikaze fries: criscut waffle fries with minced bulgogi, kimchi, japanese mayo, red sauce, and green onions.  It's a great place to come in and grab a quick bite. Close to the university and dorms. Super fast service.	 0
KoJa Kitchen is my go-to before class stop in Berkeley. Sometimes I don't feel like bringing dinner and I don't want to eat more of the same from FIFO Cafe at Haas. In those moments of weakness, I get myself a decadent Braised Pork KoJa.  I loved the sweet flavor of the miso-coconut braised pork contrasted with the spiciness of arugula. I also enjoy how the soft texture of the pork is paired with the crunchiness of the wonton chip and masago. All of this goodness is held between two rice buns. It is a work of art. Other menu items look great as well but I can never bring myself to order anything other than the Braised Pork KoJa.	 0
The Tatara Pop Up dining experience in my mind is a perfect example of the diversity of Bay Area cuisine. The concept of a pop up shop type of keiseki dining experience nestled within a Bay Area staple (The Cheeseboard Collective) is just such a California/Bay Area thing.  But I digress, let's talk about food!  The whole dining experience was a culmination of hardwork from Chef Antoine Steele. The dinner spanned a little over 2 hours and encompassed 9 difference courses/plates (7 savory, two sweet).  Course 1: Kumamoto Oyster with a lychee gelatin and pickled jalapenos. This was a fantastic way to start off the dining experience. The one shot oyster was delicious, the lychee gel was a unique flavor and the pickled jalapeno was a nice surprise.  Course 2: A sea urchin tofu with benito, seaweed, and fungi. This was an interesting concept of making tofu infused with sea urchin. The texture was quite unique and the flakes of benito provided nice pops of flavor and crunch against the smooth tofu.  Course 3: Amberjack with a peppercorn reduction, crisp flakes of garlic, and strings of pepper. THIS DISH WAS STRAIGHT FIRE. I mean it was delicious and the plating was quite picture-esque. The fish was pure bliss and the peppercorn reduction provided a nice flavor which complimented the fish. It left the tongue slightly numb, a small reminder to the amazing dish that just passed through my mouth.  Course 4: Kombu Cured Dry Aged Beef. This was just another wonderfully plated dish. The aged beef was smooth and delicious.   ---- As you can tell I'm running out of descriptive words/phrases....  Course 5: Unagi Ravioli with sea grapes and sauce (don't recall what the sauce was.. should'be taken notes!). The ravioli with unagi was a creative spin on things. The pasta was left a little al dente which is what I prefer and paired with the sea grapes made for a nice combination of rich and flavorful.   Course 6: Parisian Gnocchi with braised squid and leeks... OHHH HOT DAMN! This gnocchi might be some of the best I've had. Pure creamy richness. Decadent. And the squid was a nice added feature. Seriously, I could eat that gnocchi all day ever day. Be a little fat pig with my gnocchi trough.   Course 7: Halbiut cheek with rich reduction. I don't remember too much as to what was included in this dish, but it smelt/tasted wonderful. The fish held a nice exterior crisp and paired with the rich sauce made for a great combination.  Course 8: All I remember was that it was magically delicious and had sparkling sake involved. A fruity sorbet that was just the perfect bit of dessert.  Course 8: The final piece. A majestic cooked sweet yam with sea salt ice cream topped with a  sesame cracker. This dessert caught me off guard. It was flavorful and delicious.   Overall the dining experience was impressive. The plating was beautiful and the ambiance was unique. On a number of occasions random people would walk in thinking Cheeseboard was still open (silly people, Cheeseboard doesn't open on Sundays).   At the end of it all, the Chef of the evening spoke of conducting another pop up shop for a larger crowd with a lower price point! Definitely be on the look out for this up and coming chef to dish out more Japanese flavors, whether it's to another small crowd or to a bigger audience!	 0
Another awesome find in the EB.  We happened to pass by this spot a few weeks ago on our way to another restaurant.  Bookmarked it and had the opportunity to try it last night.  Wifey is all about whiskey and this is definitely a good spot for their large menu.  They also have tons of beer to choose from on draft, perfect for me.  Food was also delish and on point.  Great place to grab a bite to eat and something to drink.	 0
Another great night at LB. Came in for Berkeley restaurant week and every dish was delicious. Was the right amount of food and got to try a variety of dishes. My favorites were the sweet potato soup and the steal-head.  Mo, the manager is always a nice friendly face to see when I come in. He's personable and always makes sure customers are taken care of. The service here is great and the food is always phenomenal.	 0
This is my favorite Berkeley place for a night cap! I stopped in at Longbranch for late night food and drinks with a friend, and was surprised with the extensive late night menu. I ordered fried pickles and my friend ordered a reuben (both delicious)! We had manhattans and stayed and talked forever because the environment was just right! The bartenders were friendly and chatty and I'll be sure to be back soon : )	 0
SO BOMB. SO FUN. SO AWESOME. One of the rare times where I don't have any reservations about recommending a restaurant wholeheartedly.  As I was coming off a medical school interview and there was a short wait for a table, we started with (multiple) cocktails. The bar was pretty, with some backlighting a nice ambience. I tried the grapefruit Cosmo, dirty camping mule, and another grapefruit drink whose name I don't quite recall. As you may have teased out, I've been on a grapefruit rampage; I loved the light touch it added to the Cosmo. However, the dirty camping mule was easily my favorite. All the drinks were fabulously made.  The ambience is a trendy rustic- type deal. The waiters and bartenders are awesome, and they involve a lot of the staff in checking on you, filling waters, and taking it upon themselves to offer to freshen your drink or put in another order for you.  When we made it to the dining room, we ordered a dozen oysters, Brussels sprouts, pork BELLY, chianti braised beef, and cheese curds. The oysters were small but tasty- make sure you ask for horse radish to give them the kick that makes them take off. The vinegary sauce they give you to sprinkle on top is delicious. The cheese curds were good-fairly straightforward and nothing to write home about, but good. The Brussels sprouts come with think chunks of bacon and shaved cheese, and were a perfect way to integrate some vegetables into the meal, which I hear is important. The pork BELLY was yummy with the fresh tomatoes and pieces of focaccia sprinkled into it- the pieces of bread were a really interesting texture contrast to the soft pork BELLY.  Finally, the braised beef. Coming served as a stew blended with a variety of textures and vegetables this was easily our favorite. SO GOOD. I immediately became brain washed eating it because it was flavorful and don't remember the specific ingredients, but you owe it to yourself to try it. I think it'd also be good with some warm bread to soak up the juices and stew parts at the end.  Can't wait to come back to visit friends in The SF area so I can come back. Mmmmmm Mmmmm Mmmm Mmm Mm M Good!	 0
20 oz Boneless Rib Eye:  very tasty, seasoned well, cooked just right, the outside was blackened and provide a nice pan-fried taste.  Grilled Broccolini with garlic aioli sauce: Tasty and not soggy, had a crunch.  Fried Seabass on a bed of organic mixed greens: seabass   melted in the mouth, very tasty, seasoned well, skin was crisp. Salad was okay, husband thinks it was more of a garnish but I thought the amount plated made it more of a salad. The dressing was creamy and not memorable for him.  Roasted Apple Bread Pudding with Bourbon Ice Cream: the ice cream was creamy and I can tasted more coffee than Bourbon. The Bread Pudding had just the right amount of sweetness, it was crusty on the outside, soft on the inside. The apples were delicious and caramelized.  The ambiance was nice, relaxed. The bar area and the dinner area were separated by the bar. Our waitress was wonderful. She was quick, attentive, and pleasant. The server was just as pleasant.  We will be back if we come to town again.	 0
My family and I came here for Mother's Day brunch and it was the perfect place for this type of celebration. We made reservations because we figured it would be packed but surprisingly it wasn't. I didn't even know they had an outdoor patio room in the back but we were seated there and it was really nice. The sun was shining bright through the glass windows, I was definitely getting some good vitamin d.  They had a great drink menu with different cocktails and beers. I opted for the traditional mimosa and then the pamplemousse which was like a mimosa but with grapefruit. For starters, we had the fried cheese curds and the fried olives stuffed with anchovies. The table wasn't a fan of the fried olives but the cheese curds were a hit.  They had a good variety of brunch options from short rib hash to steak and eggs to burgers and sandwiches. They had a great selection and it was reasonably priced. For my self I had the pastrami and egg sandwich which came with a side green salad. Super good and filling. I had a few bites of some of the other dishes and the short rib hash was good, the grits with honey and marscapone were delicious, and the farro and cauliflower was light and refreshing. Overall, the food was spot on and I really loved how reasonably priced it all was.  Service was awesome. Our server was super friendly and helpful. My Mom can be a bit bothersome at any restaurant and bugs the servers to take pictures but our server was really pleasant and didn't mind.  I would definitely come back here to grab drinks or for brunch again. A great spot in Berkeley for sure.	 0
Went for the first time last weekend and i was pleasantly surprised. I really liked the mood lighting. The food was delicious!! The mushroom pasta was so good, as was the salad with pomegranate. The fried cheese curds were to die for!! I think my eyes rolled back in my head when I tasted the first one haha. I highly recommend the grapefruit martini. The staff was also very nice, especially the waitress (blonde), unfortunately I forgot her name.  I will definitely be back.	 0
Thoroughly disappointing! Way overpriced for the quality and amount of food you get. My husband and I went here for a birthday dinner for a friend. We ordered 2 servings each of fried pickles and fried cheese curds. The amount they give you is laughable. The pickles were meh, the cheese curds were pretty good...they only good thing I ate there! For my entree I ordered the fish (can't remember what kind, and it looks like it's not on the menu anymore thankfully!). They fish was overcooked and sitting on a bed of weeds that were severely overdressed in a thick sauce. The "salad" underneath looked like thick weeds and my knife couldn't even cut through them. :(	 1
One of my favorite places to go in the East Bay! We stumbled on Longbranch for drinks one Friday and fell in love. Then we learned that along with their exceptional drinks, delicious food, and top-notch service, Longbranch hosts all-day happy hour on Sunday. We have been coming back weekly since then. It is rare to find a place where you can give 5 stars across the board, but this is one of the few.  Nick and Mo have been phenomenal hosts and are largely the highlight of our weekly dinners here.   Stop by and enjoy all of the charming aspects of this East Bay Gem!	 0
Absolutely adore this place.  We came here last weekend with friends, this evening with my parents.  Yes, twice within the span of a week.  It's that good.  Our server was the same both times and he's a delight.  Eric recognized us immediately and even remembered how I like my drinks!  We love the rotating menu and the cozy atmosphere.	 0
Came for Berkeley restaurant week and tried the $35 menu with 4 courses, which surprisingly had quite a bit of variety.  I came with my cousin and we both decided to share our meals and eat family style.   Drinks: Manhattan/old fashioned  (Sold separately, but great prices if you can make in time for happy hour)  Course 1: chicken liver mousse/beets salad Course 2: gnocchi/ house smoked salmon over arugula salad Course 3: lamb sausage over lentils/sole dish Course 4: bourbon creme brûlée / coconut milk cake  Everything is delicious! Although the portion sizes were small, you do get quite a bit of quality food for a decent price.   The waitress was really sweet and made sure to check on us several times throughout or meal.  I look forward to visiting again.	 0
This is my favorite place to go in Berkeley when I want something quick and tasty! Dishes: -Zen Combo, which is the vegetarian option, and comes with the mushroom/veggie mix, rice, salad, and Cal fries. SOOO YUMMY! The veggie patties that they put on top have a really nice complex flavor that complements the side pineapple and sauce really well.  -Umami Fries are also really good, especially if you like the taste of coconut milk. They really layered on a bunch of interesting and complementing flavors to make something hearty enough to be a small meal.   -The kojas are okay, I'd never had anything like the rice-type patties that are around it, which made it interesting, but as far as tasty food goes, I could take it or leave it. Service: The wait is usually around five minutes, and it's such a central location, which makes it even more convenient.	 0
I wish this place would come up to Santa Rosa. I happened across the food truck in a pure stroke of luck when I was staying in Union Square (San Francisco) for a conference. Much to my dismay, it was gone the next day when I went to take my wife for a bite when she arrived in town.   I got the galbi koja and it was not to disappoint! The meat was incredibly flavorful, while the fried rice "buns" did a great job keeping everything together. Everything was super fresh.   It's just a shame I can't find more food like this where I live. I'd eat it at least once a week!	 0
The seared pork Koja is the bomb/DELISH/ splendid/A-mazing, but for the price it should come with fries- ok, compromise, for a buck extra add the fries	 0
What I enjoy about KoJa Kitchen is that the food is creative, fun, and overall just fits the whole Berkeley vibe. What I don't enjoy about KoJa Kitchen however is their somewhat heavy, oily, and sodium filled food.  I first came to KoJa on Telegraph after it first opened, having heard a lot of hype about the food truck from a bunch of friends. I typically get the braised pork bowl with kamikaze fries. It comes in a nice little box when taken to go and is presented quite nicely. It's colorful in all its sauces and toppings and looks very inviting to chow down upon. All the various pieces come together nicely to form wonderful flavors and textures though they tend to put in a bit too much oil and sauce. After eating halfway through, it tends to feel quite heavy. My main concern coming here is that of the three or four times I've come here, each time I began to feel sick afterwards. Definitely get something to drink with the meal if you don't want to start feeling nauseous and lightheaded afterwards!	 1
Kamikaze fries are a little better than the umami fries, just cause of the kimchee. Also had the vegetarian bowl, which was pretty ok with the pineapple. It does have masago on top, so if you're vegetarian, you can ask them not to include it.  Next time I'm def trying the ice cream sandwiches!	 0
Koja kitchen has a great Asian fusion style. Quick and great food. I loved the Koja rice burger- it was a new experience that I definitely enjoyed. I would definitely meet a friend here for lunch and come back.	 0
Disappointed with recent visit. Decided to drop by when I saw that the Hooked App had a -$1.50 off deal for the beef koja. Since I haven't gone to Koja Kitchen in a while, I thought I'd use this opportunity to grab a quick dinner. Not only was the price not worth it (about $7.65 with the deal), the burger was not filling, bland, dry, and disappointing. Had to drown it in hot sauce for it to have flavor. Reminds me why I don't come here often.	 1
My favorite food truck of all time, followed up closely by the Chairman and Senior Sigs. The waffle fries are out of this world. Imagine waffle fries cooked to perfection, topped with kimchee, Korean BBQ beef, green onions and Japanese mayo. My mouth waters just writing about them. Combine that with the Korean BBQ beef sandwich made up of two sticky rice patties, lettuce, red sauce and pineapple, um yes please!!!! The flavors are absolutely phenomenal. The staff is super friendly and the wait time is surprisingly quick. The next time you see the truck roll by you, step on the gas and follow them to whatever food market they are going to. You won't be sorry!	 0
Love kamikaze fries! Koja burger is alright too. Made with rice buns instead of an actual hamburger bun.	 0
I had the short rib burger and kamikaze fries at the Treasure Island flea market a few weeks ago, and was totally hooked. I call the KoJa food truck the best truck ever, good forward!!!!!  I was really excited when I found out they had a location on Telegraph, in Berkeley. I knew my son would love this place, so for Father's Day, we made a stop at KoJa Kitchen, before heading to the A's game.   The look on his face when the short rib burger and kamikaze fries came out was priceless!!!! Elijah loved and savored every bite.   Koja Kitchen is dope food!!! Dope menu! Dope flavors! Dope eats. Will be back again, and again, and again!!!	 0
Pros: If you ever wanted Korean-Mexican fusion kogi tacos, this place does it right. DELICIOUS. I ate at the Berkeley restaurant but apparently they make many appearances through their trucks at events like "The Grid" so you are in luck because there is more than one place to get this delicious awesomeness! I went to eat here before the Cal game and the line wasn't too long. I got their unami fries and a few tacos... so good! Apparently if you are a Cal student or have their ID, you can get a discount (cool for those alumni I suppose). The meat is extremely flavorful and the quantity is very filling. The place is grab and go so NO TIP necessary!   Cons: If you didn't know, this food is pretty greasy. Now that you know, you have been warned! The sauces with the flavorful meat can be a little overwhelming but nothing that cannot be corrected with a few more sips of drink.  Overall: Yes, highly recommended Ko-Mex food! The prices are reasonable and both the quality and quantity in their food is there!	 0
Just went in here with my girlfriend, they were about closed but hadn't yet turned the sign... We asked if we could still get something. They said yeah but only a couple of items as a lot was put away already.   Luckily we wanted the tabouleh salad and some dolmas which they still had.   I am eating it right now back at home and it's delicious. The pita bread is warm and soft, the dolmas are great - tangy with good flavor and rice with just the right texture.  They even threw in a free baklava, which we were really excited to see in the bag when we got home. I'm guessing they noticed my girlfriend's birthday tiara and just went the extra mile unprompted.   Good spot. Good family run business. Definitely recommended.  Zor supas!	 0
I'm always on the lookout for cheap good food because I am a cheap ass.   That said, this place is great for the price. I think I got the chicken schwarma. Meat was flavorful tender and seasoned well. I enjoyed the rice and salad. Service was fast and efficient.   Will come back!	 0
Delicious lavash wraps. My boo and I split the lamb and beef wrap and a falafel wrap. Both were very good; not a meat pile, but a sensible portion that is filling and well seasoned. The hot tea was very nice; tasted brewed from loose leaf and was welcoming on a chilly day.   As I walked past the kitchen, I saw chicken being seasoned with yogurt and spices that smelled amazing and salmon being cubed for salmon kebabs. You can tell quality by seeing a clean kitchen with fresh ingredients we would be proud to use in our own kitchen. This restaurant provided a good meal and hospitable service for a reasonable price.	 0
When we arrived to the restaurant it seemed there was a cashier and cook. Then the cashier replaced the cook without washing his hands to start preparing and cooking everyone's food. The cashier would frequently walk back to the register handle money and just go back to the kitchen. I was so disgusted and the cook only wore one glove. I really hope I don't get sick from the food.	 1
Summary: After visiting 3-4 different Mediterranean food places in the area, I think Rojbas not only has the best value but also the best taste! For around 9 dollars you can get a delicious beef/lambo gyro wrap that is sure to fill you up.  Cost: Wraps are ~$8-9 dollars and sure to fill you up. The plates are ~$13-16 dollars are nicer if you want to sit down and eat. Compared to most other sandwich/gyro places around, they are cheaper.  Value: Definitely 5 stars for value! I always go looking for the best deals in regard to taste/cost/filling. I typically eat a lot and the wraps at Rojbas fill me to a satisfied level. My fiance typically eats about 1/2 to 3/4 of a wrap and is full.   Flavor: I am by no means a food expert, but from the layman's perspective, the food at Rojbas is very tasty. In addition to the expected lamb/beef/chicken, they also have a salmon wrap and "king-style falafel" which includes eggplant among other things. If you're a fan of Mediterranean food, I would definitely give it a try.  Service: The restaurant appears to be family run and the cook/service are all extremely warm and friendly. They always give you a complimentary hot tea to sip on while you're waiting for your food.   Conclusion: If you're not a fan of Mediterranean food, I don't know if Rojbas will change your mind. But, if you enjoy Mediterranean food even a little, I would definitely head over. Especially as a student, they have great value for their food and the people are nice!	 0
Did I just order the wrong items? Is it because I got it delivered and didn't eat at the restaurant? What happened here? This place has such good reviews...  I ordered a few things, since I've never eaten at this restaurant and love Mediterranean food.   Initially I was stoked by the size of the serving of hummus because I expected less for the price, BUT then I took out the pita bread and my excitement plummeted. The pita was thin and hard and there were only 4 pieces (so one pita cut into 4). When I ate it I discovered it was also stale and hard. The hummus itself was okay, but certainly nothing to write home about. Pretty bland and runny.   The spanakopita is criminal. I've included a picture to show how soggy and sloppy it was. I gave it a bite and the flavor is terrible also. I considered putting it in the oven to crisp it up but the flavor wasn't salvageable.   I also got the lamb and beef gyro. When I opened it I was confused by it; it appeared to be wrapped in a tortilla. Oh! It was more of that thin, shitty pita. It was greasy and bland. What a waste.   Lastly, the baklava. I like the baklava a lot. I guess that explains why they give you two dinky pieces. One extra star for the baklava.	 1
Rojbas Grill uses the same menu Kobani had. just noting.didn't look. place looks essentially  the same. ordered off overhead boards.  eats: lamb/beef gyro wrap  (8.95?) -lavash wrap with lettuce, tomato, onions, tahnini sauce (no leakage noted). -longest wrap encountered,  -lamb/beef portions noticed, not skimpy -everything tasted fresh, chili sauce adds a punch....  take outs: -served tea while order was prepared. seldom happens. -pleasant ambience. would dine in if parking could be found.	 0
Super friendly service and delicious food. You can tell the owners take great pride in their restaurant.	 0
After reading good reviews of this place, we went in and ordered the vegetarian meze plates:  falafel, humus, baba ganouj, esme, couscous, dolmas, tabouli, and something else that looked like a  puddle of yogurt.  A generous basket of hot pita came on the side.  Overall we were disappointed.  The pita, dolmas, and esme were okay, but the rest of the dishes were either mediocre or slightly funny-tasting, as if they were slightly spoiled. Everything was oily enough to give us serious indigestion afterwards. The service was fine, but the atmosphere was as unsatisfying as the food.  Not sure why this place has been getting 4- and 5-star ratings.  We won't be going back.	 1
Best Mediterranean place in Berkeley, with the best food and good people making it . It's my favorite and I go there at least three four times a week and I never get tired of it. It's got some sort of secret that will make you come back.......just loving it.	 0
Great gyro meats. Service was very nice and attentive. The plates are a little pricy but they are good quality dishes. Thank you!	 0
My last visit here was a month ago and this place was under different name and management. New management changed the name and obviously their recipes too. I've tried lamb beef gyro plate which is my favorite dish in Mediterranean cuisine. It was pretty fresh and tasty meat with yummy rice and salad. And after my meal I've complimented with authentic tea. Thanks for the hospitality.	 0
This is a REAL Shawarma! The crew is nice and they want to help you enjoy your lunch.  I also reccomend to try their fresh hummus plate.	 0
By far the best food and service. Come here every Wednesday and have lunch/dinner. Never have been disappointed.	 0
I honestly do not even know where to begin on this place! All I can tell you, is that since I have been, I CANNOT stop thinking about it! I live in Portland, Or, and I was in California for work and visiting my amazing friends in Montclair. They suggested we go to Berkeley and have lunch at Great China and I had not had GREAT Chinese food in a VERY long time. Well, since I lived in California in early 2016.  We parked and walked the short distance to the restaurant and were granted with a lengthy wait for a table. We got there around 12:45pm and they are only open until 2pm for lunch, so I was a little worried. But we got a seat and having had a little bit of a wait, we had perused the menu and all pretty much knew what we wanted to order when we sat down.   I started off with the House Hot tea, Oolong! Very nice! We ordered the potstickers (you get six and they are the size of your head, so be prepared!) And I always judge a good Chinese restaurant by how good their Chow Mein is, so we ordered a combination chow mien with the potstickers. INCREDIBLE! Perfectly cooked, savory, and delicious.   We then ordered several other dishes, Walnut Shrimp, Ginger and Squid, and General Tsaos Chicken. I cannot tell you how special this place is. The food blew us all away and myself especially, The servers were so friendly and eager to share their thoughts when we would look across the table and see someone else eating something that looked great and we would inquire, what is that! I want it! lol.   If you have not been here and you live close, you cannot die until you have tried their food! It is the best Chinese food I have ever had and I cannot stop dreaming about it. Already trying to figure out when my next trip to Cali will be and how to fit this into my dinner plans. We ordered a ton of food between the three of us, ended up taking some home, and our bill was only $85!   Thank you GREAT CHINA! You got your name, your food, and the rest all perfectly GREAT	 0
Modern take on Chinese food in Berkeley, and you can only make a reservation if you have a party of 6 or more, so expect to wait if you decide to come on the weekend at the usual busy hours, even though the restaurant is large. Since the ceilings are so high and some walls are cement it's definitely not the warmest place so I'd recommend bringing a light jacket.  We got the double skin app, winter melon soup, one of the spicy lamb dishes, peking duck, mei cai ko ro (pork belly), one of the fish filets, a mixed seafood dish, green beans, and sautéed ong choy. Everything was great, no complaints on any dish, but my favorites were the double skin, winter melon soup, and green beans.  The mei cai ko ro was extremely tender as well, and the peking duck was served with thin wraps instead of the traditional baos which I prefer, but the duck itself was very tasty. Would definitely recommend coming here!	 0
Gung Hay Fat Choy!! Worth the wait. The line from 4pm,one hour before opening was down the street. Reservations can be made for parties of 6 or more, otherwise first come ... Our wait time was one hour but ordering to-go would have been the same amount of waiting and wouldn't do justice to each dish. Delicious!! A must is to order the Peking Duck with crepes. De-boned and plated with a nice portion of the skin. Our party of four devoured his and the other 4 dishes. Order the Pork Dumplings with a nice wrapper. The Pea Leaves sautéed with garlic is fresh and near oil-free and seasoned well. Good service despite the crowd for Chinese New Year opening.	 0
Oh man, If I could give this review 6 stars, I totally would. This place has authentic Chinese food that can easily be compared with the best dishes I've had in China. I also love the generous sizes of portions.   We ordered:  1. Shredded Pork with Golden Chives -- recommended by the server. This was absolutely delicious. I loved the savory, tender golden chives that were in a 1:1 ratio with the pork. Each bite had the smooth texture of chives and soft, melt-in-your-mouth pork strips. What an amazing combination.  2. Sauteed Ong-Choy with Garlic (kong xing cai): Done perfectly. Maybe it was a little on the oily and saltier side, but I enjoyed the subtle flavors and whole cloves of tender garlic so overall this dish was great as well.  3. Zha Jiang Mien: Unfortunately this paled in comparison to the other two. The noodles were not that fresh (too soft, and not firm like freshly boiled noodles are), and the flavor was bland. To other Yelpers: maybe skip this dish.   I'm very much looking forward to coming back for years on end. :)	 0
This is not our first visit here but best ever experience. Peking duck is great as usual! Love this location and Mark at the bar made sure we were well taken care of!!! Definitely will visit again!	 0
This place is another hidden gem of Berkeley. My first visit was 3 years ago, and this place has yet to disappoint me.   If you're complaining about the service, come at the less busy hours. The service overall is very friendly then. Overall, their flavoring is perhaps what makes their food so special. It just pairs very well with the rest of the food...the smell creates a mouthwatering sensation.  My ultimate favorite dish is the popular Mie-tek-tek (stir fried noodles). The spiciness level for this dish is okay for me, although I assume their spiciness levels are no joke.  Definitely give this place a try!	 0
I've never had much experience in Indonesian cuisine but if it always taste like my dinner last night, then sign me up for an Indonesian adventure!   Roti Prata is a good start! Two puffy and flaky crepes served with a curry to dip in. Then the Mie Tek Tek is a mess of meat stir fried with noodles and topped with an over-medium egg. Does that sound like savory heaven or what? Ok, I added additional hot sauce aka sambal olek because I like all my Asian dishes spicy AF.  End the night with the cendol. OMG, that was the best part! Put the fire in your mouth out with a cold coconut milk ice bath with pandan noodles. Scoop or sip, doesn't matter -- you got options!  Best of all, you're supporting a small local business. It's got this homey feel that reminds me of my family. Now to get my family to cook like this!	 0
Best indonesian food in the bay area! I spent a month last year in Indonesia and my close friends live there and I love indonesian food! Everything here is great for the popular nasi goreng and mie tek tek as well as the beef rendeng and today I tried the laksi rice noodle.with shrimp & it was Excellent!  Definitely stop by if youre in the berkeley area!	 0
So. Freakin'. Delicious.  We had: 3. MARTABAK TELOR [BEEF CREPE] - very interesting; delightfully crispy. Definitely tasted like it had some special spices that differentiated it from plain old ground beef filling. Not sure I'd order it again, but it was yum!  51. KANGKUNG - with shrimp paste = A++. A huge plate that will enable appropriately large veggie intake during your meal. The fried tofu within with also a nice treat!  70. RENDANG - good, but the portion was relatively small (4 pieces), given that this was one of the pricier items.  87. LONTONG - thought this might be like Chinese-ish sticky rice, but was more of a rice loaf cut into pieces. Kind of interesting, but I'd skip it next time.  102. BUBUR KETAN HITAM - one of my favorite desserts. Just a tad too sweet, but satisfying all the same. Curious to try the grilled banana but also scared of the cheese.  Will definitely return!!	 0
Adter trying 3 different Indonesian restaurants in the Bay area, Jayakarta is my and my boyfriend's all-time favorite Indonesian restaurant in the Bay Area!   The food, I think, is very authentic and flavorful. The menu has a good variety of authentic Indonesian food. Some of our favorite things to order are:  Nasi Bungkus Nasi Lemak Beef Rendang Gado-Gado Martabak Telor (beef crepe) Tempe Goreng (fried soybean cake) Fried Banana  Es Alpokat (Avocado Juice) Es Cendol Teh Botol Sosro (Indonesian cold black tea)  We absolutely love coming here and used to come here almost every week when we lived in the East Bay. We live in the city now but still come here once in a while when we're really craving some authentic Indonesian food!  Parking is pretty hard to find though, and if you come during the typical lunch or dinner times on weekends, there is usually a line- so my suggestion would be to come as close as possible to the opening time of the day (for lunch).	 0
I never tried Indonesian food before but Jayakarta is definitely a great start for this cuisine. Its popularity can be easily seen as there is always a long queue out there.   First of all, the menu looks (well, I will leave this to Indonesian people to judge) very authentic: There are probably over 50 choices for entrees and several appetizers. They also offer some special drinks made from shaved ice which are very delicious. With so many choices, the reasonable prices made them even better. I enjoyed their special fried noodle. I dont remember the name but I noticed that almost every table ordered it.  They also offer five levels of spicyness, and they claimed that their food is the spiciest in the Bay Area. Well, it did burn my tongue. Looking forward to my next visit.	 0
Why did it take so long for me to go there?  I remember looking at the photos in the windows thinking that they looked really good every time I passed by it.  This weekend I was craving for laksa soup, something I discovered while traveling in New Zealand. I Googled for Indonesian food and this place popped up. I got myself out there despite the rain storm, and the place was packed!  I ordered Singapore style shrimp laksa soup even though I had a hard time differentiate Singaporean and Indonesian style. I also got the beef crepe.  It turned out that Singaporean has skinny rice noodles. I think Indonesian has wide rice noodles. I was especially impressed at the fact that they removed the pointy part of the shrimp tail. I have been poked by the pointy part of shrimp tail many times. I noticed most restaurants don't bother to remove them when they leave the tails on. I checked every single shrimp in my soup, and there were no sharp shrimp tail on any of them. Yes, this one detail prompted me to give them 5 stars! The beef crepe is interesting. The beef filling inside reminds me of corned beef with a hint of fish/shrimp.  I fully enjoyed both dishes including the pickles that came with the beef crepe. I don't even like carrots but I like them when they are pickled. I can't wait to go there again. There so many dishes I'd like to try. I am bringing some friends with me next time, so we can order a variety of entrees.  A note about the service: Luckily they had a couple small tables available, so I was seated right away. The menu and a glass of water were on my table immediately.	 0
I love this place. It's so good I'm happy to pop on the Bart and ride across the bay. It's a few block from the downtown Berkeley station, right down the street from McDonald's on university Dr.   Mama in the kitchen is a real Jakarta treat. Everything is authentic as all hell. I've had a few dishes and all were great. The Mei Tek Tek and Nasi Goreng are actually better than I've experienced in Indonesia, oddly enough. The mei tek tek is made perfectly. That egg...mmmmhmmm. the nasi goreng has the added benefit of coming in a crazy large proportion too.   Today I tried the beef rendang. Not nearly as spicy as I anticipated. Sweet, with just a touch of heat. The mei tek tek had a much higher burn. To me, their spice levels are labeled on the safe side, but maybe I have a good spice tongue for a white guy. Either way- you can kick up the spicy on nearly any meal to Indonesian levels. Fair warning, they mean business past level 3 spicy!  All in all, 11/10. Perfection in food, even if it's tough to get a water refill over here  Today I tried out	 0
Ive been coming here for years, on the recommendation of an Indonesian friend. Ive had a number of different things on the menu, but almost always will get at least one, maybe two of either the Mi Gorang (with rice noodles), Beef Rendang, or Foo Young Hai (get the sauce on the side so it stays crisp. It seems to close for a while over the xmas holiday though, so double check before you go then.	 0
Awesome little Mexican restaurant! I heard of this place before, but never had a chance to try it until today. They do have a parking lot for customers, so no need for street parking unless the parking lot is full.   The service was very friendly. I was given a heart warming greeting immediately at the register. I asked the guy what he recommend and he told me the carnitas burrito. I took his suggestion and had no regrets. It was a terrific burrito. The carnitas was had a nice flavor, tender, and still moist. Some times places have dry carnitas, but not this place. The burrito was really big as well. I was stuffed afterwards. I did was not able to workout any time soon.   Definitely looking forward to trying their other menu items next time I am in town.	 0
I felt like being fat so I went for breakfast. The place was empty but that was just better for me since I didn't have to wait in line.   I ordered 2 Baja fish tacos, 3 mole enchiladas with rice and beans, and a carnitas sandwich.  The tacos were expensive, but worth it since the last place I went to thought they could be sneaky and used frozen boxed fish from Costco. Really good clean fry on some tilapia, simple salsa, shredded cabbage, and a Chipotle Mayo sauce thing in corn tortillas.   The mole enchiladas were just super good. Made with chicken and a flavorful sauce with queso fresco and some cooked onions on top.   The sandwich was beyond decent since you really can't go wrong with acme bread. I love it when beans are used as a spread. It was also nice to find some grilled onions on it which are my fave.  Highly recommend. Now I don't have to wait to go to los pericos down in Santa Cruz.	 0
I am a big eater of Mexican food so I speak from experience: TRY THIS PLACE! DO IT! JUST DO IT!  No, but seriously, I am so glad I gave this place a try this morning.   In regards to burritos, this place is a lot like Chipotle. Way better than Chipotle actually. For burritos, there are several options for meat, beans and additional items such as guacomole. I ordered Chicken Burrito and left happy.   Did I mention that they actually prepare your order right in front of you???  And that is not it. This place offers a lot of variety such as enchiladas, sandwiches, moles, soups, cake, etc.   Very friendly service, too. My friend asked for some extra tortillas and the cashier did not hesitate in heating up the tortillas and bringing it to us. It is obvious she loves her job.  Great service. Great food. Great atmosphere.   I will be back.	 0
This place has great food. The menu is huge, and reasonably priced. Their breakfast burritos are on point! The food is mixed traditional, authentic Mexican food as well as MexicanAmerican food (burritos, nachos).  Everybody here is pretty friendly,  and I think just about everything they make is made from scratch. While you can get your food to go, this is not a "fast-food" restaurant, really. It could be fun to sit down there also, there's lots of tables inside and outside.   A majority of the food is fresh and made to order and comes out piping-hot off the grill. Don't confuse this with some local Berkeley Taco Bell. Mission is legit, awesome, awesome food.	 0
I've come here several times and have had great experiences each time. Be it afternoon, evening, or night, this place has fantastic service and wonderful food.  Tonight hubs and I had a beer each while waiting for our order (Santa Fe salad and chile rellenos). The total came to $36 and I tipped up to $42.   Seating inside is 8 small-ish tables that seat 2/3 each (booth on the back). There is more seating outside.  Even when lines get long, the food comes out fast and hot. The staff are extremely friendly. There's Tapatio and tobasco and other bottles hot sauces available if you dine in.	 0
Taco Trek Lesson 3, THE TORTILLA. The CORN tortilla is the double-layered  backbone of the taco experience, setting the tone for moisture and texture throughout the bite. The flavor of the corn is the floor upon which the flavors of the meat, fat, and toppings dance the Salsa! When talk-talking tacos, there are two types of corn tortillas to consider: fresh-made and factory-made.  * Fresh tortillas are rare. If you're lucky enough to find tortillas rolled out ON-THE-SPOT from a press, quality is a WRAP! Fresh corn tortillas are always perfectly moist and tender, and need minimal added fat. The experience is like eating supple wontons or dumplings; the fresh tortilla is as pliable as soft cloth, and the corn never wads up into dry unpleasantness in the back of your mouth. Fresh tortillas, however, have zero shelf-life, and thus we get to...  * Factory tortillas, which are common. Tortillas made in a factory have added preservatives and binding agents that make them dense, dry, and disgusting -- but they can be made awesome again through the absorption of enough fat on a hot griddle! Simply steaming factory tortillas is UNACCEPTABLE to a tacossieur like me, because they get doughy and taste acidic. Automatic Taco Fail!  * Pro-tip: You can tell the QUALITY of a corn tortilla just from a TACO PHOTO.  :::: Positively Awesome: 1) Round corners at the folds, 2) Oil-stained, deep color, 3) some shine on the surface -- tender and moist, let's rejoice! 4) Greased spots of golden-brown -- crisped on the griddle to be chewy in the middle! :::: God-Awful: 1) Sharp corners at the folded edges -- MEH, mostly dry. 2) Light-colored, dry-looking surface -- cotton-mouth! Keep away! 3) Wet, doughy-looking surface (sure sign of gringo tacos) -- acidic YUCKTOWN.   _______ Strictly a review of La Mission's TACOS _______  Tacos were sadly MEH-diocre. I suspect the overall 4-star review was was given by burrito-eaters that are HIGHLY FORGIVING of crappy meats. Time to take a BART ride to the Fruitvale for some real-deal taco trucks, my Gringos. Check out my TACO TREK LIST to get you started.  3   M I N U S E S  - FAILS de CARNES Remember, tacos are all about delivering delicious MEAT-DECADENCE into your mouth. No hiding the flavor of the meat with cheese, lettuce, beans, rice, guac, cream, etc. Pureza means PURITY! :::: Borrego -- MEH-EH-EH-EH. Lamb Barbacoa was gamy and dry. The marinade was decent, but not enough to rescue the meat. I had one bite of LAMB FAT that was great, though. :::: Al Pastor -- MEH'VERAGE. All around dry, barely tasted any pork fat. The shallow marinade tasted like mild Tapatio. :::: Carnitas -- GAR'MEHGE. Chipotle-vels of CarMEHtas failure. Didn't even taste like pork. More of a dry, cotton-mouthed protein filler. Awful.  - BORED-TILLAS :::: Tortillas -- NEED LOTION. Dry, and in need of moisturizing from some oil. After 4 minutes, these unlotioned tortillas absorbed too much moisture, thus becoming doughy in places, and pretty gross. Folks who prefer flour tortillas to corn tortillas do so because of tortillas LIKE THESE.  - GRINGOFIED MENU Meat quality is automatically suspect if certain authentic and standard carnes aren't on the menu: no cabeza, no lengua, no tripe... This probably means that the clientele is inexperienced, and thus these delicacies will go unordered. This probably also means that the meats that are on the menu aren't going to be that awesome because the aforementioned inexperienced clientele will not demand quality.   2   S T A R S  * STEAK'ED THEIR CLAIM :::: Carne Asada Taco -- PURDY GOOD. Although the morsels alone seemed dry, biting into a mouthful of steak produced lovely moisture, and smoky flavor.  *(1/2) BRIGHT-EYED SERVICE Welcoming, attentive, and bright-eyed friendliness from everyone I interacted with. Thank you so much guys!  *(1/2) LOVELY OUTDOOR SPACE Bring your beer to the pretty lil outdoor space with a trellis for shade, and enough tables to seat about 20.	 1
Wonderful and cheap. The meat is served hot and fresh and the veggies are crisp. The salsas are varied and tasty. If you're ever in the neighborhood and want something quick, I can't imagine why you'd visit, for example Nation's when this is right down the street.  The have a nice little outdoor seating area as well, so you can have more of a social, lingering meal experience too if you're so inclined. I'm looking forward to trying some of their non-taco offerings as well.	 0
Holy Mole! My girlfriend brought me here and it's been a godsend. I used to have to drive out to Jalapeños in Santa Cruz for a mole burrito until now.  I'm talking about the black mole with the chocolate in it. Very hard to find and it's like crack. Red mole is the thing that is what you usually get when you order mole.  This is my third visit here (I think). It's New Year's day and we're having menudo, chips, and of course more mole.  Not only do they have the rare and wonderful black mole, they also have it in chicken and pork.  My only complaint, and it's a minor one is that the chips and salsa isn't complimentary. However these are some good chips and they are worth paying for.  They have a great selection of hot sauces including the super tasty milder ones like Cholula and Valentina. Chipotle Tabasco is super tasty even though it's Tabasco plus they even have the El Yucateco habanero hot sauce I seldom see within reach of gringos.  Also, whoa! Menudo and Pozole served every day!  Did I mention they serve both kinds of mole? Can I just live here?  Mole!	 0
Extremely disappointed. I will not come back and would not recommend it.  I Spent over $5 for one taco that was normal sized. There was nothing great about the meat,  plus the tortillas were burnt and hard.	 1
My go to place is in the mission in San Francisco, but if they're closed, la mission is my plan B. I usually get a couple asada tacos but sometimes throw in the chili Colorado. Theirs is usually made with chicken, but I ask them to make it with asada meat. Soooooo good.   The staff is always friendly and helpful.  It's a small place so if you're in a large group you can eat outside. Inside seats probably 15 people.  Check them out... You won't regret it.	 0
Love coming to this place for a late night mexi snack. Solid and authentic. You can also enjoy a mexi beer while you're at it.	 0
Very torn about this restaurant.  Plus: The staff are wonderful and welcoming.  Very nice people and they work really hard.  They also are super nice and accommodating to their patrons.  The food was also good.  The fish and chips were good and the key lime was excellent!  We didn't do the bloody Mary Bar, but it looked fun.  Obviously the view is to die for too.  Really wonderful and doesn't look like a bad seat in the house.  Cons: The place needs a little love.  It's starting to look a little worn down (i.e. duct tape on the carpet).  Also, the salad was a bit disappointing.  We got the goat cheese salad and it barely had any goat cheese at all (I mean less than a teaspoon).  So it felt a bit overpriced.  We also were the youngest people there by a lot and we certainly aren't young.  We may go back but for the price we'll probably go somewhere else first.  Not disappointed but not running to go back.	 1
I called the restaurant to tell them we were running 15 minutes late for our Christmas dinner and the female on the phone said we are fine. She was so lovely and understanding. However, 10 minutes after, I received a call from a man saying that we had a reservation time for 10 minutes ago. I told him I had already called prior to explain my tardiness. He said that they only held tables for 15 minutes and that it was the last reservation time. They wouldn't take us anymore, even though we weren't past 15 minutes yet. I asked, "So, you we can't come in?" He replied "No, we're closed." Which was technically not true. He was such a d***.   I'm glad we didn't eat our Christmas dinner there anyway because they probably would've tried to rush us out. I get that it's Christmas but cancelling a reservation for you to get out ASAP is unacceptable. We were super excited as I had family visiting from out of town. Instead, we spent our night quickly scrambling to find a restaurant that's open for Christmas Day at the last minute. Not cool at all.   Note that I worked in the restaurant biz for 7 years, usually on Christmas Eve/Day and NY Eve/Day. Never have I turned patrons away at 7:10pm just so I can leave work early. And I only write Yelp reviews when I'm very satisfied. THIS was an exception.	 1
Loved this restaurant...every thing about it is top of the line.  The view is to die for, the decor fantastic and the food is 5 stars.  Expect to pay 5 star prices...but worth every bite. The worst part about this place is that I live 90 minutes away. Hope to get back in December...Loved this so much!	 0
This restaurant has an outstanding view of the bay and the sun setting over the hills, and good food as well!  We came here on a Monday night and this place was packed!  Good thing we had a reservation!  Our table had a wonderful view of the bay and the setting sun over the hills.  The views here are magical, as the restaurant sits right on the water of the bay!  The staff are extremely friendly, and they have a full bar with a great wine selection (by the bottle and the glass).  Many California wine selections and some Oregon and other selections as well!  The food is hot and fresh, many seafood selections (fish, shrimp cocktail, seafood soups, etc.) and they have an awesome French Onion Soup served hot with tons of melted cheese!  They  have some pork and beef selections, and plenty of sides and salads to choose from.  They also have a good selection of appetizers such as calamari and crab dip with fresh bread...it is hard not to fill up on the appetizers before the meal!  The prices are really reasonable, and seem to present a good value for the bay area!  This was a really good restaurant, with great views, really good food with reasonable prices in the bay area.  Get a reservation, as this place fills up fast!	 0
Skates on the Bay offers a beautiful dining ambiance with stunning views of San Francisco from the East Bay. Sunset was especially breathtaking.  OK, now the food. We were a party of 3. The salad was generous which we shared, very average but OK. The entre was a disaster. We all ordered a seafood with spinach pasta dish, modified with a lighter sauce, no butter, no cheese. The dish came out loaded with cheese and no spinach. A complaint to the waiter resulted in a table-side visit by the sous chef, extremely apologetic with a pledge to "re-do the dish correctly" and to "personally" over-see its preparation. The re-do was inedible. The pasta was of ball of over-cooked glop with small shreds of spinach. The only saving grace was the dish's shrimp, which were tastey. The sous chef re-appeared, again apologetic. "This just all got away from me...I'm so sorry". He comped our entres. We would never consider a revisit.	 1
We've spent Thanksgiving AND New Years Eve here and are always excited to come back for another romantic meal. Reza always orders the crab/artichoke dip with the focaccia. It never disappoints. We always ask for more focaccia, because it is warm, wonderful and delicious.  Carbs be dammed. Last time I had the ciopinno and enjoyed it immensely. You really can share one of the desserts, but who can choose between the rich chocolate ganache or the crime brûlée?! Paired with and espresso and a glass of port, heaven drifts along outside the windows.	 0
I'd like to start by staying I was there for a corporate holiday event, and I understand the nuances between the special event catering side and the restaurant side, that being said I was very disappointed in the meal and service we experienced.    We were given 4 entree choices and were asked to make a selection 2 weeks prior.  When we were served they were short on selected entrees.  One guest at our table sat with nothing in front of her for almost 10 minutes with no explanation.    The food was mediocre.  It seems the salmon was the best of the 4 choices as the chicken was dry, and people didn't really care for the short rib or the prime rib.  The sides were all cold.    When the owner of our company was addressing all of us the music in the private room and the overflow noise from the restaurant made it very difficult to hear him.  As staff was in and out I am surprised they didn't notice this and make adjustments to accommodate his speech.  Doubt I will go back.	 1
Came here on two different occasions, once for brunch and another for a late Valentines Day dinner. Both times, my tummy and I were satisfied with everything.   For brunch, I got French toast. One of my friend's got the ricotta cheese pancake and the other got steak & eggs. We ordered two rounds of mimosas and one of them ordered a drink with elderflower. I forgot the name, but it was soooo good that I ordered that same drink when I came back for dinner. All of our brunch food were on hit!! So so so so good and left us stuffed.    For dinner, I ordered scallops, my boyfriend ordered a lb of King crab legs, crab cakes for appetizer, and finished with creme brulee. My mouth is watering as I type this because I remember how freaking good all the food was. They give complimentary bread, which we ate too much of haha.   Service is great. They servers always offer amazing suggestions and treat their customers with the utmost respect. For brunch, we were able to snag a table by the window = amazing view of the bay/SF. for Valentines Day, we got a little table off to the side, but nonetheless, the experience was great.   This restaurant is indeed pricey, but the food is worth it. Plus, you pay for the beautiful venue by the Bay.	 0
I have to say that I really enjoyed the experience at this place ! The "non reservations " area is still large and and fits many walk ins. The view is just incredible and you can see it from 80% of the tables you sit at perfectly!  Food was good. Service was friendly (after I tried to make her smile a little :) since I saw she looked overworked ) Lots of parking . After you are done eating you can walk at the shore outside !  It's just an overall great place !  Have fun there	 0
This is our third time here and we don't come too often because it can be a bit pricey. But we always share plates which is key if you want to have delicious food on a budget. Amazing views of the bay and the Golden Gate. Bright open space. We had the ahi poke and shared their new steelhead dish with risotto cake and a cherry jam (it's probably called differently). Everything was perfect and delicious. It hit the right spot and we are stuffed!	 0
Michael our server was amazing.  He went beyond what had to be done with excellent drink and food service to graciously add joy to our celebration.  He was incredible.  We will ask for Michael any time we dine at Skates On The Bay!  He made my 70th Birthday complete!	 0
I came to this brunch spot expecting it to be your typical bougie/ hipster brunch place where you have to wait an hour to be seated and then you're served mediocre fare. I was very pleasantly surprised to find I was wrong. Sconehenge seems to me like an older establishment, a diner with a lot of character that has long existed in this part of Berkeley. I came here on a Saturday morning and it actually wasn't that busy around 10 AM. We got seated immediately and were givn extremely friendly and attentive service.  This place has an interesting mix of dishes on its breakfast menu. Above all, if you come here, you must try the scones. They are fresh, sweet, and delicious. They have a lot of American breakfast items on their menu, but they also serve Mexican breakfast food too. I had an enchilada for breakfast, and it was an enormous plate of food that was super filling and delicious.   This place isn't very big, and it isn't very fancy, but it feels homey and I'd definitely go back here for brunch again.	 0
Walked here for a "recovery breakfast" after a late night out the previous day. Not only was the food fabulous and the portions generous, the service was quick and the coffee refills kept coming ;)   If you like a little kick of spicy with your eggs and hash browns, then I highly recommend that you ask for the chipotle sauce ;) Since the place is named for their scones, I made sure to sample two: the current scone and orange ginger. Both were fabulous and I will definitely be returning (perhaps after the next ladies night out!)	 0
Have come here many times over the last five years. Great Mexican breakfast dishes. Best in Berkeley. The specials are often the best thing on the menu, so it's difficult to make a more specific dish recommendation.	 0
This place was awesome and far exceeded my expectations. I got the egg burrito and added chorizo which was massive and flavorful. My boyfriend got an omelette which I was really happy came with toast that they substituted for the scone of the day without charge. I'm a scone aficionado and the blueberry pear did not disappoint. We also got a cup of fruit that was sizeable and to my delight even came with papaya!	 0
I only ate here because I was starving! I usually never eat at Mexican restaurants because they're always too Americanized for my liking. I had scrambled eggs with chorizo. They weren't too bad but the side of rice and beans lacked flavor and the tortillas were not good. They were way too soft which makes me think they were microwaved. But again, I didn't expect to eat anything amazing. However, the place is very clean and the employees were very welcoming. I won't be coming back here unless I'm hangry again.	 1
Was finally able to make my way here with the girlfriend on a Saturday for brunch (usually our Sunday routine, but they are closed Sundays which is a huge bummer). We were somewhere around the 6th party down on the seating list and we were seated within 20 minutes. The host was friendly, attentive, and on top of things.  Within a few minutes of being seated we placed our orders. I went with the Demon Lover (boneless fried chicken and waffles). They give you the choice of either gravy or syrup, or both for an additional $2.00. I went with both and am SO HAPPY I DID! The gravy was out of this world. I was finding anything and everything edible still left on the table  that would be plausible to dip into it. The syrup was nothing short of amazing as well and was the perfect compliment. The waffle was perfectly cooked. Fluffy and crispy in all the right ways. My only concern at first was the fried chicken (usually boneless for me is a red flag). The chicken however was fried to perfection. It was juicy, crispy, and had just the right amount of character. Don't forget to ask for a bottle of their house hot sauce to add to EVERYTHING!!  So happy we finally made it to 900 Grayson. The Demon Lover was the single best brunch dish I've had in the East Bay bar none.	 0
Hello Yelpers! This is my 100th review and I had to choose an extra special spot!  I'm on 900 Grayson bandwagon!!! And I'm never getting off. Seriously people, if you're ever in Berkeley...hell if you're ever in the Bay area, you've got to hit up this joint. I'm usually sold on any chicken and waffle combination. You sell it? I'm there. However, it's always a hit or miss with chicken and waffle breakfast places. This was a major HIT.  Food: Demon Lover                          14 Spicy Buttermilk Fried All Natural Chicken, Buttermilk Waffle & Old-Fashioned Cream Gravy   Potter Creek                          ~12 Fresh Herbs & Farm Eggs Scrambled, Idaho Hashed Browns, Acme White Toast  PS: Food is on the cheaper side, compared to SF brunch spots. It was a nice little surprise.  The Demon Lover was outta this world. It was one of the best chicken and waffle meals I've had. This dish made the 30 minute wait worth it. The chicken was well seasoned, without being too salty. The waffles were the right amount of crisp, which added an extra touch when smothered with gravy. The combination of fresh ingredients and well seasoning made was key to this dish.  The Potter Creek was also delicious! Soft eggs, not too overcooked...Top it off with some nice crunchy hash browns...Add some ketchup and sriracha and BAM! A great way to start any morning.  Service:  What I liked most (well second to most after the Demon Lover) was the great customer service I received. Sometimes popular places tend to forget to go above and beyond for their customers because of how busy the get. However, the servers at 900 Grayson were incredibly polite and attentive though the restaurant was buzzing with people the entire time we were there. Props to their customer service.  Atmosphere: Small space, hence the ~30+ min wait on a weekend morning. I'm not sure how busy they get during the week. There's a couple of "party of 2" tables, which makes it easier if it's just you and your significant other to snag a table. The inside is well lit and really bright, due to their huge windows. They also have some patio tables, which could be nice on a sunny day in Oakland. As far as their decor, it lightweight reminded me of a BnB kind of vibe ~ I will be back for Demon Lover pt.2.	 0
My boyfriend and I got here at around 10:40 on a Monday morning. Parking was definitely a struggle, but we found a random parking lot across the street. Don't know if we were allowed to park there but we made it to brunch on time so idc LOL. We thought we were going to be late and miss brunch hours, but luckily we were seated immediately!  Drinks: The bf got a hot chocolate and I got the drip coffee. They have actual sugar cubes which were super cute. I thought the hot cocoa was whatever, but the coffee was actually really delicious, especially with cream and sugar. Next time I'm definitely trying their mimosa drinks!  Food: We both went with the Demon Lover -- the bf got it with gravy and I got it with syrup, so we could try both (otherwise it's $2 extra if you want both syrup and gravy). I thought that the chicken and waffle with just gravy was too heavy, whereas the chicken and waffle with just syrup was pretty standard. However, when I tried it with both syrup AND gravy, I got the hype. All of the flavors just worked really well together! I felt like such a glutton but believe me, it was well worth the food coma that soon followed.  Price: We spent almost $40 on our meal, pre-tip. It's definitely on the pricier side, especially if you want to try their famous chicken and waffles. However, the service was quick, everyone was very friendly, the ambience is really cute, and the food is delicious! It's definitely worth checking out :)	 0
I am currently in a chicken and waffles phase. I am on the hunt for chicken n waffles from all over the Bay Area to satisfy my current craving.  This chicken and waffles offered here is different than all the other chicken and waffles I've had, but being different isn't necessarily a bad thing.  When they brought out my "demon lover" ... I got excited. I got it with gravy & syrup.  The chicken was moist, seasoned right and a really good size that kept me full. The gravy was good, but not "omg this is the best thing in the world" good.   The waffle was a disappointment though. It was all soggy and ... dead looking ...  But that damn syrup they gave me... Dear baby Jesus, it was the best dang syrup I've ever had. That syrup was so good, I just had to over look that dead waffle. Dipping that waffle into the syrup was what gave it life.  900 Grayson... thanks for not making me write a bad review.  I will be back for more.	 0
The wait will be TOUGH. But all these great reviews must mean there's greatness on those plates.   For starters, I had the house drip coffee which was a great choice. I cheated with a dab of milk and sugar, but it still hit the spot.   My follow up was the steak, eggs and grits entree. The steak was far smaller than I expected, but still filled me up pretty good. It wasn't that tasty, but still got the job done.	 0
900 Grayson is an adorable little brunch place of West Berkeley. The restaurant itself is like a cute little house. I've always heard of this place and their famous chicken & waffles so I have been dying to come. I came on Saturday for brunch and boy was it busy! The wait wasn't too bad, but definitely plan on waiting a bit since the restaurant isn't too big.  The menu is very cute and each dish had fun, unique names. The Chicken & waffles dish was called Demon Lover. And even though 900 Grayson is famous for it, I actually ordered the "Time-Life Cookbook", which in my opinion was not a bad choice by any means. My dish was a Smoked Gouda Omelet 'Soufflé' and it came with hashed browns, and a Fuji Apple Salad dressed with a Lemon-Hazelnut Vinaigrette. The omelet was nice and tender & fluffy. Most of all though, the hash browns are like the size of my hand and so addicting that I ate the whole thing. The hash browns were pan fried to a crisp, and just an absolute wonderful mass of potato-y, crunchy, crispiness goodness. The apple salad was refreshing and sweet, and worked very well with the lemon vinaigrette. The vinaigrette didn't overpower the apples, and still let the natural sweetness of the apples shine through. It was a refreshing palate cleanser to the whole dish. My friends both ordered the Tom Boy which had - Poached Eggs, Potato, Fuji Apple & Parsnip Corned Beef Hash, Acme White Toast. They both loved it and also said the fruit jam that came with the dish was delicious.  Even though the wait was super long, I definitely think the food was worth the wait.  Just remember, those amazing crispy hash browns the size of your hand will be absolutely worth it!	 0
The demon lover... that gravy... even with the syrup... and that house made hot sauce.... and what the heck do they put in that iced coffee?! Also the hot cocoa was delicious also- it's just a great place all around.  I'll put it out there and say this is my favorite chicken and waffle spot. Even had some Los Angelinos agree.	 0
Best chicken and waffles I've ever had!  The chicken pieces are huge and they alone will definitely fill you up, especially if you pair them with the creamy gravy. The chicken is slightly crispy on the outside, juicy inside, and not oily at all. It's light and doesn't leave you feeling disgusted like fast food fried chicken does. The thin, fluffy waffle is warm and fresh, and tastes amazing whether dipped in the creamy, slightly spicy gravy or the light maple syrup. I suggest getting both sauces so you can experience both the savory and the sweet.   The cheesy grits is amazing! It's super peppery, creamy, and thick. Dipping the chicken and waffle in it is absolutely heavenly. But beware because it WILL fill you up.   This place is great for a cute, trendy boozy brunch. The soju drinks are interesting and will definitely start your Saturday off right. Korean Soju Want Me has a very refreshing, minty taste; Korean Soju Marty tastes like a Bloody Mary; Bubble & Squeeze is your typical sparkling wine drink, with fresh juice.   The only downside is that the line gets very long and the wait may take up to 2 hours. However, I think the wait is more than worth it. It's also a perfect place for a date.	 0
One of our favorite Oakland restaurants.  Paying with cash will get you a discount.  The seafood stew is delicious.  The complimentary bread is delicious as well.  I haven't had anything here that wasn't tasty.  From seafood, to poultry, to dessert (the chocolate souffle!), Marica does a good job.  It does get busy, so reservations are recommended -- but you could always just walk in and wait for a table.	 0
This review will probably get flagged because it is so positive.   One of the best service and food that I have ever had at a restaurant.  The chef special is what you need to get. All the different courses you get are amazing. From the mussels to the lobster - each new plate is like heaven. I eat mussels now because  of Maricas. It's a lot of food.   And the desserts. The chocolate soufflé is so good. But all their desserts are good but my favorite is the soufflé.   Anything odd the menu is good. He other night I just had steak. Cooked well and the sides were good. Try a side of risotto - creamy and tasty   If you go say hello to Austin and Betty. Tell them Big Rich sent you. You will not be disappointed.	 0
This is my 4th time eating here and I absolutely love it here. It is truly a one of a kind experience. Chris, the head chef, is an amazing consistent and creative chef who makes every dish special. The service is always on point and the atmosphere is relaxing/fun!  We had the Fois Gras, Scallop, Filet Mignon, Crab Meat Pasta, Mussels, Sea Bass, and dessert...my goodness. I usually can easily identify flaws in a restaurant but nothing seemed to be wrong! I completely understand why they are rated a 4.5 star restaurant. It is a great date or small group spot for anyone who is interested in eating high quality food. I absolutely love it here. Check it out!	 0
This review is probably the hardest one I've written because the seafood was fresh and flavor was really good, but there are a few things that left a bad impression.  1. Bring cash. Even though they take cards, they have different prices for your order based on cash vs. card and it's not insignificant. It was about 20% cheaper to pay with cash...  2. Order that damn chocolate souffle when you order your main course! I wish the waitress had mentioned that because I was really looking forward to it.   3. I feel like I got jipped on the seafood stew. The description says there are scallopS, shrimp, and fish in the stew. Interesting because I only had ONE scallop and some fish, but no shrimp to be found. The flavor was good, but at nearly $40 I could have used more seafood.   4. They brought out the food so quickly, it made it hard to fully enjoy all the different things we ordered. Basically the oysters, calamari, and mussels were brought out at once, and when there are two of us, that's a little too much at once in my opinion! The appetizers were cold by the time we got a third of the way through...  Those were my issues.   Overall, the flavor was good in the food and the seafood tasted very fresh. Between the two of us, we had 10 oysters, calamari, mussels, seafood stew, flan, and a glass of wine each and it was the perfect amount of food (add a couple shrimp in the stew and would've been even better!)	 1
Every single time I come here ... I always leave full and satisfied. Austin always happens to be working and he is such a sweetie pie . Super nice . Super friendly and actually remembers me every time I come back. And ALMOST remembered our last conversation . That's a big thumbs up ! He always know what to recommend whenever I'm having the hardest time deciding what I want to eat for my entree . Thanks for always hookin everything up for me ! You're great ! The restaurant is great ! Food is FABULOUS ! Keep it up :)   F O O D   Mussels (10/10 stars)  This is a MUST HAVE whenever I come here. I could eat 5 plates of this by myself ... maybe more. Once I make more money.. I might just come just to eat this lol... 5 plates for Me please ! With lots of bread to dip with their bomb sauce !   Scallop (5/5 stars)  I normally don't ever like to eat scallops because it always has a weird taste or funny texture to me . But Austin recommended this dish and mannnnnnn I am glad he did. The creamy rice went so well with the scallop. The scallop didn't taste funny or anything. It was just perfect. Firmish and delicious   Soufflé (20/20 stars!!!!!)  I can't rave enough about this dessert  It's just THE BEST!!! Can't get any better than this. The dish comes out HOT ! Not just warm. Lots of ice cream ! Most places only give you a TINY scoop of ice cream but they gave me like two scoops ! Which was more than enough..   Ugh this is favorite restaurant ! I love you guys :)	 0
I took my friend here for her birthday and it was a phenomenal experience.  The service is super attentive and was very pleasant. They would replace cloth napkins periodically through the night.    Since it was our first time there,  they comped us some free mussels that were absolutely divine and might have even been the best thing we ate.   We ordered the prix fixe menu for one person which included swordfish,  a green salad,  and a delightful chocolate souffle.   We were debating whether or not to get the flan as well... and luckily they gave that to us for free too! With birthday candles!   I ordered the seafood stew which base is a 20hr lobster stock,  super robust in flavor with large chunks of prawns, fish and scallop. Sopped up every bit of it with good bread too!  Both desserts were also quite delightful and not too sweet. Will definitely come back.	 0
Currently here enjoying our chocolate cake and Creme brûlée. Stumbled upon this place while driving through the area and allowing yelp to find this gem using my location and I have no regrets. From beginning to end we've had a great experience. Mesquite Salmon, rack of lamb, Pinot noir and two desserts. One of which was on the house thanks to our lovely server. She recommend the wine to pair with the lamb which was a great combination. Jillian checked on us frequently while still allowing us to enjoy our meal. The place is small but lovely! Coming for a server and foodie, this is one of the best dining experiences I've had.	 0
We absolutely LOVE this charming gem!  The food and service is always consistently superb.  Everything was delicious!  We left with a full belly and big smiles on our faces.    Starters:  Corn and Shrimp Chowder, Calamari, Oysters, mussels, and loads of the crusty bread with butter  Main:  Swordfish X2 (very fresh and tender), filet mignon (cooked to a perfect medium rare with a Cabernet reduction), and seafood stew (smoky cioppino with huge shrimp, scallops, and fish)  Dessert:  chocolate soufflé (perfect with vanilla ice cream), and grand mariner flan	 0
Wow!  It was a dark and raining night (the storm of the century) and, yet, from the moment we  we arrived we were impressed. The Prixe Fix meal looked wonderful - next time. Superlative service. Very impressive Salmon with really, yummy, mashed potatoes ( perfect for a wintry night) For a treat- were were given the best mussels. Both pals had the lamb chops and enjoyed every single morsel. They had great cocktails - Good wine list. Will return with an appetite. Salmon Entree was  $27	 0
Amazing little Gem...seriously.  From the moment we walked in to the warm thank you while we were leaving...just a great, memorable experience.    After reading the reviews (especially Jenny N's), I met my Niece here last evening for dinner...and wow, am I glad we came here!  From the very start, our server Julliann (Don't kill me if I spelled your name incorrectly - I knw oshe said it had "2" "Ls") was just amazing.  Warm, funny/witty and just flat out fun!  Just a sharp gal who knew the menu and adorned amazing people skills to boot.  Just based on our experience with her, we'd be back for sure.   Ok, on to the vittles.  Wow.  Jenny N's review was spot on!  We went with the Calamari App which was very lightly fried but heavily seasoned with garlic and ginger...and accompanied with an very delightful complimentary vinaigrette for the greens it was bedded on.  Did I just use the word "delightful"?        For dinner my niece had this amazing seafood stew...it was incredible.  Big flavor and full of all sorts of little goodies...fish eyeballs, fins, scales...just kidding...wanted to make sure y'all were still reading.  The stew was actually full of huge chunks of fresh fish, giant scallops, shrimp and a shit-ton of love...trust me. You can't make a dish like this without love.   I had their spaghetti and meatballs - I was just jones for a large pasta meal and I got it.  in their meatballs, which they clearly took the time to brown first, ( I hate :soft" balls....don't go there) before adding them to their sauce and pasta - thank you for that!!  The meatballs were also very delicious; you could clearly taste everything in them, from the garlic to the parsley.    Last but not least, we went with Jenny's final suggestion...the Soufflé.  Delicious, decadent, amazing...I could go on and on.  The Soufflé itself was perfectly cooked (baked actually) and then they topped it off with, wait for it...al la mode.  Why not top it off with Ice cream. Years ago, I worked at a restaurant for this crazy Italian woman...bat shit crazy Italian woman (loved her though) and we served Soufflés.  I always wondered/asked why we didn't plop a little ice cream on them and as always, was laughed outta the kitchen.  Well...HA!!!  Marica does and it's delicious!!!    I can't wait to come back here again during my next visit for NorCal.  This is a great find, gem, amazing experience in eating, period.  From the food to the exceptional services...it's all very memorable and, in my world, memorable is everything when dinning out.    Oh...and it was GREAT to see my niece too!!! :)	 0
This restaurant is amazing! Beautiful and cozy place, delicious food ant the best staff! I definitely recommend it. The lobster was perfect! For sure I will come back!	 0
Everything we had was delicious. I had the prix-fixe dinner--caesar salad, salmon and dessert. It was a very generous serving of salmon accompanied by asparagus and mashed potatoes. When the waited asked if this was our first visit, we said yes. And we were rewarded with a dish of mussels on the house! We were reluctant to have the dish removed until we'd sopped up all the broth with our bread.  My husband had the scallops. It's been a long time since I've seen scallops the size of the three he received last night--meaning they were huge. He brought one of them home to have today.  So Marica offers first-class food in a charming location at a reasonable price. Go for it!	 0
Literally found this place when I Googled new restaurants in Oakland.  Turns out they have been here for 16 years!  1. Tiny restaurant and tiny bar. Tiny makes it quaint and intimate.  2. The staff is very very friendly and accommodating.  3. The food was awesome!   4. I recommend making reservations no matter how big of a party or what night you go. Because of #1 above, patrons tend to linger at the table and talk long long after they have paid the bill.	 0
Actual rating: 4 1/2 stars  Came here for the prix fixe menu, which is $28-32 depending on what time you go. For those who don't know, a prix fixe menu is a kind of menu where you have your choice of an appetizer, entree, and dessert for a set price. I decided to go for the green salad, mesquite salmon, and the mixed berry trifle. My boyfriend decided to go with some kind of soup, the eight hour braised oxtail, and the German souffle.   The green salad came with sliced cherry tomaties, arugula, spinach, and beets drizzled in a sweet vinaigrette. The entree came with grilled salmon, mashed potatoes, pureed spinach, and asparagus. The mixed berry trifle came was a mix of almond biscotti, whipped cream, strawberries, and  blueberries. All the dishes were delicious, but my favorites were the oxtail which was super tender and flavorful and the German chocolate souffle, which would satisfy any chocolate-lovers palate.  Excellent customer service. The waiter let us know ahead of time of any additional charges and cleared plates right away between dishes.  In addition, my boyfriend and I got caught up on traffic, so we made a phone call half an hour in advance and left a voicemail, which they apparently received. Really appreciated that they check their voicemail and saved the table for us.   Will definitely be back.	 0
This 17 year, family owned business (only family owned left on the street ) deserves a 10! First time here with 7pm reservations for our working family of 4. I (the mom) was the first here and on time, while the others trickled in over the next 45 minutes, but the staff was more than understanding, no pressure. Once we ordered, I suddenly noticed the place was packed! During my wait for family, I noticed the delicious aromas from the orders being served around me. The aromas and presentations of the dishes made it easy for me to order once family arrived. The menu is created for each day, and I love that it is not overwhelming, but rather simple and complete, which will suit all palettes. They will also work with you to individualize any diet requirements. All dishes were amazing! We were offered a complimentary mussels dish due to the fact THEY thought we had a bit of a wait (we didn't think so). I don't eat mussels, but enjoyed it so much, I will be back for the dish. Our family enjoyed the Salmon, Meatballs and Spaghetti, Butternut squash soup, Chop salad  and an incredible panna cotta dessert. I could go on, but I'm sure by now you are on your way to Marica now! Tell Thomas hello, and you too will be family.  Can't wait for my next visit!	 0
Ultimate. Prefix. Menu.  Seriously, you can't go wrong here. Unless you're a stickler for a posh / swag decor, then this place might not get you there. But if you're in it for the food (which I am for 110%), then you will not be disappointed.  Menus are posted online everyday, so you usually have a good idea of the upcoming food adventure to come. Mains range from lobster bisques to grilled salmon to scallops. All on point.  If you're feeling like you want to spend that hard-earned paycheck, then throw down for the German Dark Chocolate soulffe topped with vanilla ice cream -- such a fluffy and sugary delicious mess.  Pro tip: Come before 6:30PM for a discount on the epic prefix. Reservations are welcome, but they're usually not too slammed on a weekday.	 0
ahahaha thats literally how i have to start off this review laughing because this El Salvadorian Restaurant just might be another go to place on the my list of foods in Berkeley. I've walked past Platano so many times, going to Imm Thai, I finally decided to sit in, look over the menu and dine in the restaurant!  FOOD: Very, very delicious, and fully authentic. I tried out the Chicken pupusa with the black beans and rice and oh my goodness im surprised i finished it. i had to take my time with it, because the two chicken pupusa is very filling! Make sure you use th cabbage and the house sauce on your pupusa soooooo good!  LOCATION: Great location in the downtown Berkeley area, right next door to Imm Thai, across from 85 degree bakery, 1mile away from Bart, 2miles away from UC Berkeley.  All in all, this is a delicious establishment in the downtown Berkeley area, that deserves this 5 stars from me. Definitley made me a believer	 0
Well I am finally pleased to find a real Salvadoran restaurant with real Salvadoran food. At first I was disappointed when I got my ensalada (salad) drink and it had no fruits in it so I was starting to think oh no, another imitation restaurant. Well once I got my food I was very pleased. Pupusas were great and the albodigas and casamiento were delicious. Also replaced my drink with a Salvadoran horchata and it was tasty. Aside from parking, I enjoyed this place being my first time here	 0
The menu at Platano has plenty of options from light soups to dense plates.   Food: I ordered the Ensalada de Aguacate (avocado), which was healthily portioned, vibrant, and aesthetically pleasing. The grilled chicken had a few fried pieces that were too charred for my liking, in other words burnt. I enjoyed the vinaigrette as it countered the creamy avocado, creating a nice balance. The two-piece pupusa combo plate was filling; one pupusa was filled with cheese and the other with pork and beans, the plate came with a few sides. The pupusas were warm on the interior and lightly fried on the outside, however the flavor was lacking and the cheese didn't quite melt enough. They had a microwave textural feel to them and were lacking freshness. We smothered them with crema, but I recommend topping it off with the coleslaw mix to allow the acidity to cut through the richness of the crema.   Service: Friendly, but a bit slow. Our food took a while, fortunately we weren't starving.  Ambiance: Large and casual restaurant with plenty of seating to accommodate large parties.   Price: Most plates ranged from $-$, seafood dishes on the pricier end.   Overall: The food was fair in taste and quality could've been better; nice service with a casual ambiance.	 1
As a Salvadoran, it takes a lot to admit when pupusas are made well. Mostly because restaurants typically make them so greasy and unappealing. Platano is the exception. I have not found another restaurant that makes them as delicious as here. I have been coming to this place for about 8 years, and it never disappoints. They are reasonably priced, but really I would pay more since they are very yummy. I usually get pupusas, platanos, and a chocolate caliente, and my husband usually gets pupusas, corn tamal(es), pan con pollo (chicken sandwich) and a chocolate caliente. Everything is so absolutely delicious! This is a staple to the delicious food in Berkeley and definitely a must have!!	 0
Cravings satisfied!  awesome service , amazing food. It's worth a try and for sure my new fave restaurant.	 0
Don't listen to Julia's review, she has no clue what she's talking about. Full of lies, very sad!	 0
The line is always super long, all the way out the door. Tonight we came early and decided to give Platano a try.   This is our first time trying Salvadorian food, and the owner was really friendly and recommended us to try the special plates, which comes with a variety of dishes. The food took a really long time, and we were all starving by then.   My favorite is definitely the pupusas, they are corn tortilla pockets stuffed with fillings, so good!! Plantains are sweat fried bananas, topped with beans and sour cream. Not so much a fan of chicken tamale.   Food: 2/5 Price:3/5 Service: 3/5 Ambience: 4/5  Favorites: Pupusas - Beef and cheese #1 two pupusas and plantains, beans & cream ($9.75) #3 two pupusas side of plantain and cream ($9.75)  Other orders: Pupusas - Cheese and Salvadoran flower Pupusas - revuelta con frijoles (tender pork, black beans and cheese) # 6 one pupusa, plantain & cream & chicken tamale($9.75)	 1
An El Salvadorian friend told me this place was better than a lot of food from El Salvador, so this place was definitely a must try for me.   Came here with a friend at 6 on a Saturday and didn't have to wait, which was nice. There's plenty of seating in the restaurant as well as TVs scattered throughout the restaurant in case you wanted to watch some soccer or whatever sport was playing the day you visit.  Their menu is simple, with almost half of it being various pupusa combos. I ordered lunch special 1, which gets you two pupusas of your choice, PLATANOS, beans and cream. THE PLATANOS ARE AMAZING. They're perfectly sweet and have such a nice browned outer glaze. The beans are in liquid refried form and are complemented by sour cream. Dip your platanos in both and OMGGG. So good!  The pupusas were also delicious. They have a large variety of fillings: cheese, beans, veggies, and meats. The pupusa shell is moist and flavorful, and the filling is also generous in portion as well.   The portion sizes don't look big, but I guarantee you'll have trouble finishing your food. Definitely coming back again!	 0
We have eaten here and also catered from here. The food is excellent - best pupusas!   The catering experience was easy. I emailed Nicolas (email address is on their website) with the number of guests, pupusas and sides that I wanted, and he promptly emailed me back with his recommendation for amount and also with the price of everything. It was a great value. Definitely trust Nicolas' recommendation for the amount of food to order.   I picked up the order a little before opening time on Sunday. I pulled up my car and staff loaded it for me. My guests loved the food and everyone wanted to know where it was from.   Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant for dine in and catering!	 0
This is one of my go to restaurants in downtown berkeley. Perfect for both lunch and dinner. The quality of the food is always excellent and the prices are very reasonable. The papusa combo meals are delicious, as well as the chicken sandwich and meatballs. Their Sangre is also amazing. Their happy hour has really great drink deals too. The service is great. I've been here dozens of times and have been satisfied each time. When friends and family come to visit this is always our first stop after the airport.	 0
A yelp find, yet again. Around the corner from my hotel and an easy walk over, especially when it's cold. I was in on a Wednesday morning and it was on the slower side, but it was also around 10 AM. I ordered the french toast with fruit. It had berries and the french toast was stuff ed with banana. The french toast was Brioche and you get 3 pieces, but the serving size was huge (I couldn't finish it). Restaurant is small, but staff is nice. Can also watch the chefs cook your meals	 0
Someone suggested doing Twisted Fork in the morning, and silly me, I thought that was a typo.   This is an "L" shaped pipe cleaner wide, urban, grunge, chic, slice of terrific fare. Inside, everything is as cute as litter of Labradoodle puppies. The tables are set cheek to cheek so you can check all the cheeks because you've got to make a quarter turn sideways to get down the hall. It's a grotto of great grub. Half the room is painted dark cranberry (makes you think you're dining in an Ocean Spray bottle) and there is some art for sale. More importantly, there is an entire wall of house made things on offer that were pickled, tickled, wiggled and jiggled in the kitchen. (Sounds like amateur night at the pole dancin' parlor). Brussell Sprouts, Okra, Jams and Jellies, Mustard, Ketchup, Salsa, Aliens, and the list goes on.   The Staff: Sistah Sarah was as sweet as the pastries made in house.   The Food: But before we get there, it's time to caffeinate. The Java comes screaming hot in a French Press. So, no hailing the busser for a refill of bitter brew. Sarah comes with it to supervise and give detailed instructions on how not to cause a major flood or squirt your neighbor with thermonuclear hot Joe. A steady push, and then let it rest before it goes carefully in the cup and then down your gullet. Excuse me, yes, there is a trick to all of that.   The Asiago Scones (two sconettes to an order) come molten hot from the oven. This might be the one time something so cheesy is really a good thing.   The Banana Bread (neh, cake) made me think of my sainted Mum's version which was the one thing she could manage to make well enough to eat often. T.F.'s Banana Bread was spot on and as those bananas died for my sins, and I have sinned aplenty, it was the least I could to hog the whole small loaf. I couldn't keep my paws off the wedge. Served with house made Marmalade, Strawberry Jam and whupped up butter it was far better that them delicious bananas ended up in the T. F. Banana Bread instead of being the guest star in a Middle School Health and Social Responsibility course.   The Baked Eggs with Gruyere, was truly a trencherman's breakie. A ramekin topped to the rim akin to a souffle. Melted Gruyere married to baked Eggs. Doesn't it make you want to spoon for a hour or so? The mini casserole comes with a Roasted Roma Tomato, a triangle of crispy well done Hash Browns, done well, two thumb thick slices of fresh baked Sour Dough Toast, two lobster claw sized strips of crisp Bacon and a small Cup-o-Beans, baked just right. I would have enjoyed it just as much (okay, maybe not exactly) if they had dumped it all in a Vitamix and served it as a smoothie.   Finally, there was the wrestling match with the Chip Card reader. Sarah to the rescue again. She patiently explained how it was important that the restaurant be paid and not to panic. Breathe, breathe. I did, and managed to get it done. It seemed to require an advance degree from M.I.T. just to pay the bill, but that's all part of the adventure.   So, rev up the torque, pop a cork (yes, they have liquor too if that's your thing before noon). Only a dork, a gork, or a baby dropped by the stork would miss the Twisted Fork. Don't ya just know? Eh?   Go ahead, stick a Twisted Fork in it.	 0
Scones! Scones! Scones!  That is all I remember from my meal here. My friend from Vancouver recommend this place on our last day there. They don't take reservations so we went with all our luggage in tow (after check-out) to put our names down. They wait time given was 2 hours but thanks to my puppy dog eyes (and my suitcases), the owner took pity and we were seated in half hour (my friend said this never happens).   They asked if we wanted to start with scones and I said YES! (yelpers... thank you!) Best decision of my life!   I also had the eggs benny with pulled pork and it was delicious too... but the scones... man!  Brown girl says, "SCONES!!!! YAAAAASSS!"	 0
Eggs Benny with bacon, side of beans, strained spinach and hash browns. Absolutely excellent. So much better than Medina and I was surprised there was no line in the morning.  Eggs were perfectly poached and it was obvious it came fresh from a farm. The yolk was orange and sooooo good! The bacon was crisp without being burnt, and holding everything together was a biscuit. I'm usually not a fan of heavy breakfasts but I ate every single bite. The hollandaise sauce was perfect.  I only wish that they would squeeze their own juice. Service was also A+.	 0
Loved this quaint little eclectic spot that we found on Yelp. Mike the owner greeted us with a pleasant smile and hello and hooked us up with a seat.  Our sever was extremely helpful in explaining some of the choices on the menu since I hadn't heard of a couple being from the States. The fresh French pressed coffee was outstanding. And, our meal was even more delightful. This is a must stop place for a warm and tasty breakfast/brunch.	 0
I'm so glad my father and I decided to give this place a try. It was marvelous!  For me, ambiance and presentation are very important parts of a dining experience, and this place aces both of those elements. The interior is a lovely balance of both shadowy and glowy. The space is much deeper than it is wide, with a slightly raised dining area, dark painted walls, and rows of bare low-wattage light bulbs hanging from the ceiling. The whole place feels classy but warm. The food was also very nicely presented. Our main dishes (a red curry and a green) were served in cool metal bowls, and each serving of rice came in a deep ceramic dish that made it feel more special than just boring old rice. The ends of the forks and spoons have images of elephants molded into the metal, and I even noticed that the kitchen uses sections of bamboo leaves (instead of paper doilies) to keep the serving dishes from sliding on the plates. What a neat idea!   The service was also very good. Our server was attentive, and when she accidentally let our water glasses sit empty for a few minutes, she was sincerely apologetic and made a point of keeping a close eye on our water glasses from then on out.     As for the food, it was delicious. I'll admit, I've only tried six or eight Thai places that I can recall, so I'm no expert, but of the places I have tried, this one has both the best curries and the best chicken satay (omg that peanut sauce!).  The thing that really blows me away, though, is the prices. This place is so affordable! Given how classy the decor is and how excellent the menu prices are, I was fully prepared to discover that the portion sizes were distinctly small, but they turned out to be a pretty standard size, and exactly big enough for a nice dinner. (Heavier eaters will probably want to anticipate ordering a second serving of rice, but don't worry, you'll have plenty of curry to accompany it.)   All in all, I don't think I have anything negative to say about this place. Actually, no, I will say that the women's washroom, while clean and far from shabby, did smell oddly of mildew. (It's Vancouver; it's damp here; I honestly couldn't care less about the mildew smell, but there you go, there's one negative thing, for the sake of a balanced review. ;P )	 0
I'm so glad my friend wanted to check out this place. Gave it a go and the food is delicious! I haven't had tom yum soup from anywhere else in Vancouver that really compares to what I had in Thailand last Spring. I was pleasantly surprised at how affordable the food was for the quality that you get, plus I was able to have my meal (tom yum noodle soup with thai milk tea) and leave feeling full. If you get the thai milk tea ($3 per cup, I don't think it was on the menu but the waitress asked if we wanted to try it), you might want to consider getting it half sweet. I typically don't order things with less sugar but even this was a bit sweet for me. The wait staff here are also very friendly but I think a few of the waitresses know limited english so it could affect your service a bit but I didn't really have much of a problem.	 0
Not at all veggie friendly. I don't think they even understand the concept of vegetarian. After stressing and trying to be very clear about my diet, they brought me a some kinda chicken appraisers. I told them I can't eat it and I wasn't offered anything else. Then comes the main meal and sure enough full of chicken. When complained, they took it away and brought me a new one within 5 mins. They clearly just took the chicken out.  AVOID.	 1
Finally an authentic tasting Thai restaurant in downtown. Reminded me of my trip there in October. Staff are nice. Food is good. I don't crave Thai very often but I'll definitely be back to try more things on the menu:)	 0
This just became one of my favourite Thai restaurants! Nice atmosphere, friendly service, tasty food and good prices. What more could you ask for really? It's not a fancy high end kind of place, but it's also nicer than the one I usually go to near my place... and the food is even better here, but less expensive! Plus our waitress was quite friendly so I'd say this place was definitely worth the wait (it took a long time to finally open).	 0
Overall great food, service and decor. Glad we came here. Will definitely come again when we're in town.	 0
I was in Vancouver on business and checked out Yelp for recommendations on the best Thai restaurants near downtown/waterfront.  I saw the reviews for Krung Thep and thought I would give it a shot.  I'm really glad I did. I have eaten a lot of Thai food for many years. This is among the best I have ever had. Red curry chicken was extremely tasty. Nicely seasoned; nice portion sizes.  A bit complex in flavor, and not just overwhelming coconut milk and hot curry seasoning. I also had satay chicken as an appetizer.  Often at Thai restaurants they rely on the peanut sauce to cover up dry, low quality chicken. The satay skewers here were extremely juicy and really well seasoned. Service was very attentive, and the inside of the restaurant was nicely decorated and modern. Definite two thumbs up!	 0
They gave us a free fruit and potato salad sampler as appetizer and the food tasted amazing. Great customer service.	 0
Came here after returning to Vancouver from 2-days of boarding hard at Whistler and it was the best decision I made.   We ordered 4 plates for two people so you know we were hungry.  Cheese platter for 2 baked Macaroni cheesy bone marrow and Poutine (duh)  Everything was super delicious and I saw the table next to me get this massive slice of cake for 4 people, which I probably would have gotten if I wasn't stuffed already.  So on top of a good atmosphere, its also good for birthdays probably! Would definitely come back next time I'm in town.	 0
Fantastic place.  Parking is awful, you really have to get lucky. But the food was completely worth it.   Came here on our way back from our family vacation to Whistler. Also relatively close to Kerry Park. Good place for tourists too. Their lobster risotto was absolutely amazing. So was their poutine, their seafood pasta dish, their salmon sampler, and trout salad dish.   The salmon sampler was to die for. Smoked salmon and caramelized salmon were amazing (I had no idea that sweet and salty salmon could be so good!)   Our server was very friendly and kept our drinks full. He was very informative with his recommendations as well. (Even though my mother straight up asked, "What is the most Canadian thing you have here." -___-|| He was very friendly and gave us great recommendations.)   Would love to come back.	 0
After reading reviews, I feel that this might be the one MUST spot in Vancouver that we had to try.  We are glad that we did.    Our large party was originally told that it would be an hour but the manager managed to fit a few tables together and we were seated in 10 minutes.  I can see why they need 3 locations in relatively close proximity as this place is just fantastic.  Locals flock here and with good reason.    The menu is modern Canadian fare and you really can't go wrong with anything here.  We had the featured platter for two which came with a large broiled pork chop, grilled steelhead trout with vegetables and salad.  The trout was cooked perfectly and was incredibly fresh. The pork chop was perfectly done and juicy.  Salad was dressed just right.  Lobster risotto was good but the rice may have been a tad overdone (personal taste).  Kids menu items were great too as the chicken cutlet was crispy, not greasy and our son ate it all which is a rarity.  Roasted brussel sprouts were also excellent.    Service here is top notch.  The manager was incredibly friendly and courteous.  Our server Josh happened to be a food and lifestyle blogger as well and gave us great recommendations for the menu as well as where else to eat in Vancouver.  When our appetizers came out late, the server apologized profusely, had them make it immediately and then proceeded to take them off the bill.  You're lucky if you get him.  Prices here are more than reasonable and coming from NYC, we felt like this was a bargain based on the high quality of food they serve here.  Best bite we had in Vancouver.  Thumbs up.	 0
Amazing Canadian restaurant. The service, food, and atmosphere set the bar for everywhere else we will eat during our trip to Vancouver.	 0
Long waits. That's ok. Snobby host. Hmm ok can deal w that. Trendy waiter w good artist skills. Bonus. Mediocre food. A pass...  It's normal to wait an hour for good food places in Vancouver. And with a picturesque place to explore around it shouldn't be too difficult. However if the host is rude, the place is super loud and they place you just smack in the Center of the room and the food is a bit lacklustre then that's a disappointment.  I had the halibut and it was a bit overcooked and tough. Very sad for a 32$ dish that I can do better with...  The poutine was salty and had the wrong cheese. It's not a true poutine. Costco is better.  The bread was warm but probably was the highlight of the night.   The only good thing to order on their menu are:  Wild seafood pappardelle  Lobster bisque Bone marrow  Water  Not a fan anymore. Sad.	 1
This was our second night in Canada and considering the first night was horrendous (we ate at Joe Fortes, for the price, the food and service was horrible) we weren't sure where to have dinner.   I felt I needed to write this review for the excellence service we received from our waiter, Corey. He made our dining experience wonderful from beginning to end.   They brewed and steeped my unsweetened tea over ice to make a fresh batch of iced tea, I guess in Canada they only drink sweet tea. Then we ordered the crispy brussel sprouts and caprese, both were very tasty. For our entrees, we ordered the braised short rib with bone marrow and aged white cheddar mashed potatoes, and the special... salmon wrapped with maple bacon, parmesan & mascarpone risotto with Autumn vegetables. Both dishes were amazing!   After we stuffed our bellies with our yummy entrees, we received a free birthday dessert on the house from our waiter Corey. We had the lemon tart that came with fresh homemade whipped cream.   The food and customer service was excellent and would definitely come back the next time I'm in Canada.	 0
So good!  All the alcoholic drinks are made strong so don't worry about the price tag because it definitely packs a punch, ordered a gin base drink and the old-fashioned. We were tipsy from those alone and I drink a lot.  Bone marrow garlic bread - omg heaven and hell together in a dish. It's bone marrow that your scrapping out of the bone only garlic bread! It is so decadent, savory, fatty, garlicly and delicious - so friggin good  Cripsy salmon cakes - also delicious. (clearly i liked the garlic bread more)  We only came for some drinks and appetizers.	 0
This is a must for me whenever I'm back in town. All for those juicy wings. Their other stuff is good too!   My friend and I stopped in at 1:30pm for lunch on a Saturday and it was no surprise that there was at least a 20 minute wait. I've waited an hour before so 20 minutes wasn't bad.   As usual, we ordered wings. Not as large and crispy as I remember, but it still did the trick. Also got another meat dish. A large order of wings and another dish is perfect for 2 people.   Service is always efficient. They really know how to move people in and out.	 0
Been here multiple times and the food is always consistent and delicious. Every time I come I always have to order the chicken wings, butter beef and beef luc lac. It's a lot of meat for one meal but everything is seasoned well and I feel like you can't find anything similar to it in Vancouver.  One thing to note though, there seems to be a lot of MSG in their food. After eating at Phnom Penh, I always find myself ridiculously thirsty so I came home today and downed about 5 glasses of water (as did everyone I ate the meal with). Other than that, try to come at odd hours to avoid the long lines. I arrived at the restaurant around 10:50AM and there was no wait, but around 11AM a ton of people came in. They must've thought 11 was beating the lunch rush, so you have to think earlier than they do!   Still rating it 5 stars since the food is too damn tasty.	 0
Parking: street parking only! Chinatown parking is a bit on the sketch side too - so be careful.  Food: We ordered the dual noodle Cambodian style dry noodle dish, butter beef, and luc lac. The noodles were hard and oily- and really didn't have much flavor to them. It was largely underwhelming and I think my places should have stronger dishes where they specialize in those certain regions of Asia. The butter beef was okay at best: extremely sour and hard on the stomach, salty, and the raw beef hardly seems sanitary. It was almost at a room temperature- some parts randomly brown and some pink. The luc lac was the best thing we had, but was very heavy on sauce and extremely sweet. If you aren't used to the pungency of Chinese black bean sauce, beware of luc lac. The food really was quite mediocre. We went on an extremely busy lunch day, but just because it was busy doesn't mean they should lack in the quality of their food. I find no excuses for the unimpressive tastes we got.   Wait: the wait was horrible for multiple reasons: it was a long wait, there was a huge pack of people in the waiting area, people who went outside might lose their spot if they didn't hear their name, and many more. The lady told us rudely that our wait would be over 30 minutes and told us to wait outside. When we came back in 30 minutes later, I saw multiple parties get seated before people who arrived before them because they waitresses don't make much effort to call your name loudly or even walk outside really.   Sanitary: this place is dirty. I'm pretty sure this was the meal that gave me the stomach bug. It's filthy. Our table was oily, the food we were served seemed unsanitary (ESPECIALLY THE BUTTER BEEF), the beef was lukewarm and falling off all around the plate, the plates seem merely rinsed at best, we found spiders inside the restaurant (gross). With these, I can't imagine what conditions the kitchen is like.   Service: the service here is fast. With that said, we were served quickly and it seemed like there was no care or effort put into what we were cooked. When we weren't even finished eating, we were basically rushed out because of the long line. The host lady was rude and didn't know what she was doing and the whole process was not good.  Ambiance: loud, lots of big tables for larger parties, good for families (however I don't really recommend anyone eating here).	 1
Chicken Wings, Long lines, Great prices  First, I think there is something fishy about the chicken wings...they are simply, too addictive. Not sure if it's garlic and sweet and savoury combo...Super solid family ran restaurant and all around applause for these magic wings.   Second, I haven't ever wrote a review until now because many times, the lines were just too long to get in. "1.5 hr wait"- no thank you. Then again, I think I will try off hours sometime.   Third, great prices! Enough said.	 0
What an awesome place. Food is what this place is about. Be prepared to wait, it's that good!!! If you live in Vancouver you're so lucky if you're just visiting don't miss this place!	 0
Delicious food! For years Ive been hearing about their chicken wings. All i knew it was in china town. I discovered it when I was waiting in line at Ramen Butcher. Came here around 3:30 pm on a Saturday. I thought it would of been the best time to go, since it was a weird time where most people would of had lunch and maybe start having dinner soon. There was a bit of wait, but it wasn't so bad, we were seated about 5 minutes after arriving.    Anyways, I had the Pho, cooked in a Cambodian style.  I felt the broth was flavorful. The portion of the beef you get were quite decent. I got a few whole pieces of flank.    My boyfriend on the other hand got the noodles with 2 types of noodles, some beef shrimp. It was a VERY large bowl. Think, large serving size for Congee at Chinese Restaurants. We could of both shared it.   My absolute favorite was the wings. They were nice and juicy, with the right amount of garlic flavor. The lemon garlic juice just made it even better.	 0
Anyone who knows me, KNOWS how much I love wings. And that is exactly what Phnom Penh is known for - their chicken wings. Who would have thought that I would find amazing wings at a Cambodian restaurant?! I never thought I would! I'm not even sure what they do to their wings to make them amazing, but they are simply some of the best wings I have ever had.   Besides their wings, their Beef Luc Luc is TO DIE FOR. I'd recommend using the extra sauce on the beef and eating it with rice.   Be prepared to wait at least 30+ minutes when you visit. I have never once been there when there wasn't a line out the door (even on "slow" days, they're busy!). Right when you walk into the restaurant you see the numerous awards that Phnom Penh has won, which you automatically know is a great sign.   Phnom Penh knows what they are doing. I'd wait 30+ minutes for their wings any day.	 0
My friend recommended us on this place to get awesome morning after food.    Located in the heart of Chinatown, it's a small place and gets packed easily.  There was about a 20 min wait, but definitely well worth it.   My friend ordered the beef with rice and egg.  I, on the other hand, ordered their well-known Cambodian Pho.    It was just the right size since I was hungover and needed to pack in some food in me.   The pho was absolutely delicious.  The brisket was heavenly and the noodles were to die for.  We also ordered their famous butter chicken.  It was just perfectly crisp and crunchy.   Service was quite fast, and got our food quite quick.   I would definitely recommend anyone who wants to get delicious Asian food, to dine here.    Overall grade: A+	 0
Everyone who comes to Vancouver, lives in Vancouver or heard of Vancouver has come to this place (or at least heard of it). Being most popular for the fried chicken wings, butter beef and luc lac on rice (with an egg!), i've been coming here since I was a little girl, before the internet and hype. I used to always get their beef noodle soup (pho) and honestly, its just okay since it isn't their specialty.   Coming more recently, I tried the chicken wings which have shrunken in size but are still very tasty. They are crispy but not in an American, greasy way - much lighter- and has lots of garlic, salt and pepper flavour. I also tried their dry noodles which like the pho, is just okay but missing some flavour, maybe too many noodles. The butter beef is actually like eating butter since it is oily and indulgent but salty at the same time. The luc lac is one of my favourite dishes since i think the rice balances the heavy sauce.   Panfried rice cakes are also very tasty here and comes with lots of bean sprouts giving a light crunch to the dish. Next, the curry frog legs is also very good with nice meaty frog legs in a creamy sauce.  My #1 favourite from here is their steamed dumplings. Im not sure of the proper name but they are made with tapioca and are filled with little bits of pork, spices and jicama root but it is so different from any other place that i've tried. They are actually huge and really filling but delicious when dipped in the fish sauce provided.  Overall, the food here is actually really good and prices are reasonable. I will say that the fried chicken wings are not why I would return but the hour long lines definitely are a stumbling block to becoming a regular here.	 0
This restaurant is like the kid in high school who sold weird plastic toys behind the gym during lunch. This place was designed to rip off tourists. Is the cleaning service here a group of snails? No! So do your job! Food Is mediocre.	 1
SCAM!! This place rip tourists off for a living. Plus there's pee everywhere in the toilets.  DON'T GO HERE!	 1
This was a good place to eat but has turned into the dive on Ocean Drive. From the bulldog manager that doesn't recognize her usual customers to waiters that rush you or try to move you to accommodate other parties after you've ordered; anything to convenience them but not you. Last time I ate there I had the runs for a week. When I went to the bathroom I saw roaches coming out of the kitchen. Honestly don't know why the Health Department hasn't closed this place. I would strongly recommend you try other restaurants because from the food to the drinks to the the bulldog manager at the front everything has gone down hill for this Restaraunt. If I could give this place less than a star I would.	 1
Just to remind.... Still the most sucking restaurant in the world ...  Only if I was food inspecter ..would have closed this restaurant  The behaviors  Cunning Intentions towards customers   I still can't believe they legally took away my 350 dollars for bunch of shrimps ...feels like looted	 1
Worst food ever. It should go to hell. I only got a Yelp account was to vent about how bad the food is. I hope this restaurant dies. I want for it to go hell. It SUCKS.	 1
Nestled in the heart of South Beach, just inside the small yet beautifully decorated Colony Hotel, this quaint little spot is great for anyone new to Miami looking for a 5-star quality meal.  The restaurant itself is amusingly unconventional, but don't let that throw you off. The music is eclectic yet pleasant, the staff is incredibly friendly and quick, and the food itself is to die for. As with any upscale restaurant, I would not recommend this place for those on a tight budget. However, if you're looking to take a break from the Miami Beach heat with an exquisite meal and some refreshing margaritas (and you've got the budget to afford the quality) then this place is definitely for you!  I've visited Colony Cafe a number of times and have had a satisfying experience every time. I recommend you ask for Svetalana (she's a sweetheart) and try their pizza. The alcoholic beverages, while definitely on the pricy side, are ENORMOUS and expertly concocted.   Enjoy!   EDIT: To those of out freakin' out, YES, this review is a joke. Have a good day. :)	 0
Worst.place.ever. They scammed us with a bullshit offer. Dont go here, if you do, do it to tell the staff that they suck and that their restaurant suck and continue to a place that dont suck. Plus there were pee everywhere in the bathroom.	 1
Worst food franchise to ever surface not just Miami alone, but all of America.  The first time I saw this restaurant, I knew beforehand that it would be incredibly ghetto.  I was very hesitant to visit this restaurant and suggested many other well-rated places nearby.  But of course, my stubborn-as-steel wife insisted we eat here.  I compared my arrival of walking into the store to diving in their dumpsters behind, which I would assume were cleaner than the establishment itself.  I ordered 3 shrimp rolls and a large Coke.  My wife ordered a simple Ceaser salad along with another medium drink.  I promptly attempted to pay via debit card, and our cashier directed us to a cardboard ATM located right next to the unsanitary bathrooms.  I kept swiping my card and an error message would appear saying "Transaction Denied."  I gave up on the machine and decided to pay with cash instead.  OUR TOTAL MEAL COST $40+ for just me and my wife altogether.  I kid you not, I waited 3 and a half hours for our food, which smelled and tasted like Satan's breath.  I thenafter threw up not one, but two meals.  I flipped off oir cashier and left no tip.  That same day, I check to see $114 000 missing from my bank account, which was assumedly ripped from the "broken" ATM.  I do not recommed you eat here and suggest you take your eatery matters elsewhere.	 1
Got scammed here. Rude staff..DO NOT GO HERE!  Btw there there was pee all over the toilet...	 1
****READ UNDER COLUMBUS RESTAURANT*****  This restaurant is the biggest scam out there. Do not be fooled of what is offered or promised by the staff that are trying to lure you in. JUST KEEP WALKING! When approached the stand to see what drinks the restaurant offered, the staff  told us about their 2 for one special in which you get to big drinks for $45. we started walking away to see what others offered and we hauled back in being promised 20% off and a shot each. Needless to say, 45 minutes after, no shots (which is fine as we came to enjoy one drink) we asked for the bill. The billed stated $55 plus taxes and automatic gratuity which came out for $70.95. When I asked the same man about the the price as it was supposed to be $45 and 20% off, he stated that offer was only for food not for drinks. We never discussed food as we only came for a drink. The manager came out and started raising his voice stating that we are lying and that's not what was mentioned. We felt embarrassed, cheated and verbally abused by him in front of all bystanders. Places like this put south beach to shame and am saddened my cousin from out of town had to witness this.	 1
-5 Stars! ***S C A M***  2 for 1 drinks that cost $55 dollars a price + a $25 service charge? What the hell?  So u put us in the hospital then charge us $200 before u even get to eat the food!   IF U R IN A GROUP OF 4 PPL ONLY ORDER 1 DRINK.   BTW the real name is Columbus restaurant rated worse I'm American on yahoo.	 1
Worst restaurant and service I've ever had in my life! No one comes to serve you and when they do they get your whole order wrong. The food sucks. Lied on the drink special being 2 for 1. Lied on the costs of the drink when the bill finally came. Took forever to get help once seated. Honestly...the worst dining experience ever. 1 star because I guess that's the lowest you can go. I hope this place goes out of business. Thieves!	 1
These people are calling themselves different restaurant names in order to avoid the horrible reviews. Worst service. They lied to us and told us the drinks were two for 25. Then the check came and the drinks were 55. Called the manager and he didn't do ANYTHING. He basically told us we were wrong. Left no tip. They brought us shots that were obviously a reconciliation with probably some spit it in, and we just threw them on the plants. This restaurant is the worst on south beach. Never come here.	 1
They overcharged and ripped us off big time!  Waiter brought out a menu with no prices on it. When we ordered the hot plate (appetizer plate) he told us it was 55 dollars. We also ordered water and they brought us a bottle of water which was 10 dollars. Once we got the bill it was 130 dollars. We had to argue with the manager who was already arguing with another party who was furious about being over charged as well. We finally got the bill down. Very sketchy. Save yourself the trouble there is many other places a lot cheaper.	 1
I am absolutely satisfied with my breakfast experience here. What pulled us in was the free mimosas and free shots offer but our server was the deal breaker! Awesome guy, gave my husband and I both two free mimosas and two free shots of patron. If you eat here ask for George he'll take great care of you!	 0
The food was average but my friend and I both got free drinks, which is a big deal in South Beach, so I'll give it two stars.	 1
No such thing as happy hour. Ordered drinks but charged double because apparently they weren't big enough. Also ordered a meal and they charged us double. Their excuse was it comes in 2? How does that even make sense. Do not go here.	 1
This place is SHADY!!  How in the world is this place still in business??!!  Ughhh..I am so bitter I got sucked into the abyss of eating here just because my boyfriend and I wanted to eat somewhere simple on Ocean Drive. Let me ask you this...who pays $18 for a non-alcoholic drink?? A fool who is told some BS that they are getting two for one drinks..that's who.  Do not be fooled by the fact that they have various aliases, this is indeed the Colony Cafe...not "The Pershing" and not "Chef Vincent Restaurant".  Make no mistake, their deceitful practices will catch up with them eventually.  The food was just okay, but how they get people is by overcharging people for drinks (even if they are nonalcoholic!)   Unless you feel like dropping $60 on a substandard lunch, run for the love of your wallet..just run.	 1
Standout meal of my Vancouver 2016 trip. It's affordable, quick, and satisfying. It was right across the street from the Airbnb we were staying at too. We came in 1 hour before closing on a Saturday night and got seated fairly quickly (FYI they do communal seating to decrease wait times but you can choose to opt out and wait for your own table).  Order the butter beef, lychee slush drink, the bo luc lac, and the wings. The butter beef is bursting with flavor from the sauce and green onions. Such a unique and delicious dish. The bo luc lac which comes with an egg is outstanding as well, a simple plate of meat with rice and topped with an egg yet still mouth watering. The wings are just good to have as a pairing to the other dishes if you get tired of beef. Overall, great experience and I would make a point to come here everytime I visit Vancouver from now on.	 0
Waited an hour and it was worth it! Lines are long had and once you taste their food you will know why!  Order the garlic wings and the garlic prawns! A must try! Although their garlic wings are good, San tung wings in San Francisco is still the best. Each plate is pretty big you get a choice of a regular size or large, regualar size for both plates was about 6-8 pieces!  Also ordered the butter beef carpaccio! Really good as well but not a must try. Order it if you like raw beef!  Prices are reasonable too!	 0
The HYPE is well deserved and the wait is worth it!! My boyfriend and I arrived around 6:30pm on a Saturday night and were seated around 6:50pm (*the trick is to let the hostess known that you are willing to share a table*). The service is quick and the food is delish.   Butter Beef: perfect thickness or rare beef in delicious marinade - really good starter  Chicken Wings: the small order comes with 8 wings which is the perfect amount to split between two people. The batter for the wings is light and I love the garlic toppings. I loved the dipping sauce, my boyfriend preferred the wings without it.   Soup Combo #5: reminds me of Hu Tieu Do Bein at my favorite restaurant but with 2 types of noodles - a good item to balance out all the crazy fat and flavors of the other dishes.  Bomb Asian food!	 0
WOW! I wish I could give this place more than 5 stars!!!! Great service, great food, great pricing!!!!  My girlfriend and I dropped by on Thursday night right before closing. We ordered the fried oysters and 10 oysters off of the happy hour menu. The fried oysters were huge and flavorful. The oysters were freshly shucked and delicious.   Big thanks to Majuelo and Mateo for the excellent service and delightful conversation!  Would definitely come here again!!!	 0
Fanny Bay Oyster Bar is part of the Taylor Shellfish Family of farms.  Their tide-to-table concept offers a variety of oysters delivered fresh from their farms each day, either to enjoy at the restaurant or to take home with you.  Fanny Bay Oyster Bar is located Downtown Vancouver by the Stadium featuring a 50-seat full-service restaurant offering daily lunch, dinner, happy hour specials and late night specials. They also brunch on the weekends. The happy hour menu is daily from 3PM-6PM and late night menu is 9PM-Late. Note that the late night menu is larger than the happy hour one. Check out the menu for more information!   We have always come here during happy hour on the weekends.   What we tried: Fanny Bay Oysters | $1/oyster Clams & Fritz | $12 Mussels & Fritz | $12 Fried Oysters | $7.50 Seafood Chowder | $9 New England Clam Chowder | $9 Complimentary hand cut fries (refillable)  To start, we had the Seafood, and New England Clam Chowder. In terms of flavour both soups were packed with lots of fresh seafood goodness!  Moving on, we had mussels, clams, fritz, and raw fanny bay oysters with their in-house signature sauces, Watermelon Chili, Apple Cider Mignonette, Mango Habanero, and Signature Cocktail Sauce. Our favourite is the mussels. They were gigantic, and so juicy when biting down on them. Of course the raw oysters is crazy fresh too! We always do a round of oysters!  Last we had to fried oysters. One of our friends wanted to try one more dish. We ordered this thinking it would be bite size like the raw oysters but these were gigantic and super filling. If we weren't all nearly full, we may have enjoyed this more!  Overall Impression of Fanny Bay Oyster Bar: We will continue to come here and recommend it to friends. This is a great restaurant to bring friends & family visiting that want to see what Vancouver has to offer. If there are any dishes you love and think we should give it a try, feel free to contact us!   Tip: We always show up 10-15 minutes before 3 PM to ensure a table, and order something off the regular menu. They do take reservations for groups of 6 or more.	 0
The recent norovirus outbreak has decimated the customer patronage.  I didn't think much of it  though and still bought a dozen Mattaki oysters from the retail section to shuck at home and eat.  I noticed that the namesake Fanny Bay oysters were not being sold.  This should have also been a red light to me.  Anyway, eleven out of twelve oysters were good and delicious.  Unfortunately, the last one had turned into a pink slurry mush.  And even more unfortunately, I didn't realize this until I had put it into my mouth, realized the foul taste, and spit it out.    This is probably not a good time to enjoy oysters.  With the lower demand for oysters, it means that the stock is not turned over as quickly.  It'll be sad as this business suffers during this time, but probably nothing can be done until the virus outbreak passes.	 1
Fanny Bay Oyster Bar Menu, Reviews, Photos, Location and Info - Zomato Not really one for seafood but my friend picked the place and checking on Yelp, another friend gave it a good review, so I was game.  Seating and table spacing felt kinda tight. Busy too for happy hour on a Saturday! Also, our server gave us a happy hour last-call warning, which was kinda nice.   Pot of mint tea ($3) -Looked innocent enough, and at $3 it's about on par with ordering hot tea at Starbucks. Hey look, it's Starbucks tea! -Teapot of hot water had what appeared to be (and what I hoped was) leftover tea leaves. No way they didn't see that when they poured in the hot water. FAIL.  Fried Oysters ($7.50 happy hour pricing) Deep fried Fanny Bay Oysters, house made tartar sauce, cabbage coleslaw -Ordered this based on a friend's Yelp review, and price for value it's really decent! The sheer number of meaty oysters makes this more filling than a gourmet burger costing 50% more. -Very crispy on the outside without the batter being too thick. -Big 'n long like chicken wings. -Had some green gunk, which is probably the algae feed that hadn't fully flushed out of the oyster. Was worried that it would make the taste gross but it didn't, fortunately, and the dip could smother that flavour if you're worried.  Geoduck ($18, not on happy hour menu) Sashimi style, watermelon brunoise, basil lemongrass ginger foam -On its own the geoduck had a strong sea-salty flavour and crunchy texture. -I found the sauce interesting with a mild minty-like buzz.  Oyster Casino ($15, not on happy hour menu) bacon, jalapeno, roasted red pepper, bread crumbs, and parmesan cheese -Baked. -Sounded interesting, looked less so, tasted even less so. Sort of tasted like nothing special to be honest. -You might want hot sauce with that to give it more flavour and help with the possible puddle of oil underneath (from bacon?)  Complimentary chips -A small tin cup of these were brought to our table to start. -Not oily on the hand but some looked and tasted oily. -Inconsistently salted. -Hey, it's free! Hard to complain because of that.  Food around 3/5 but lost points due to the teapot issue.	 1
Just had a fantastic time with the FBOB folks. The Dungeness crab was yummy with drawn butter and drawn garlic butter. Fish and chips were on point. And the $2.50 special on Shigoku oysters were delicate and lovely.   Can't wait to come back!	 0
It nice it fresh it direct from sea to you Oysters was fresh negrini was very special	 0
A +++   Happy hour is 3-6 daily and oysters are $1 (big grin)    Fresh fanny bay oysters are light and buttery not so salty compared to other places.  protip: their Mignonette sauces are the best.. love the shallot one, also have mango and a watermelon one  The ceviche is also light with diced pineapples shrimp and scallops...comes with chips that are similar to tortilla, rosemary crackers and pita chips  protip: get a glass of chardonnay with your raw oysters and slurp it with some of the vino on top  Nice environment !	 0
I would've given this place a higher rating since the food was good, but this place is a ripoff to the extent that it negates anything positive I could say about it. There's a gross lack of transparency with pricing. My friend and I ordered a meal for which they charged us $150! If we'd known the price was so exorbitant we never would've ordered it. The drinks were also outrageously priced. When I saw the bill I was visibly shocked and our waitress said, "Don't be mad at me." This was obviously a reaction she'd seen many times before. Total tourist trap.	 1
STAY AWAY!  This restaurant uses multiple aliases to hide the negative reviews.  Rated worst restaurant in America!  Horrible restaurant!  Bad service, over priced drinks, and over cooked food!  The only reason I  rating it 1 star is because there isn't a 1/2 star rating available.   Recently I celebrated my birthday in South Beach Miami and was approached by one of their hostesses offering me a 2 for 1 deal on drinks and 20% off my meal.  I said yes and was seated.  OMG - big mistake!  Our waiter (Claudio) was lazy, smug, and arrogant.  Took him 20 mins to take our order, we asked for bread 5x (only to receive it at the end of our meal), my friend asked about her dish and he told her she should have read the menu closer ('your fault; not mine'), and worst of all - they charged us $45 for each cocktail!  Who would pay $45 knowingly for Happy Hour drinks?! The nearby restaurants have 2:1 for less than $20 each.  When we challenged it, he said 'read the sign, the price is listed'!  The 'sign' is posted in an obscure location so people eating outside will not easily spot it.  When we tried to talk to the hostess, she had mysteriously disappeared.  So it is now our mission to warn as many as possible to NOT EAT or DRINK at COLUMBUS CAFE / RESTAURANT EVER!	 1
I have mixed feelings about this place, so I'll write a mixed review.  First, I've been here for lunch and the food is pretty good, reasonably priced, and comes quickly and without much fuss. The place has been mostly dead at lunch, so we've never had problems getting a table.  However, if you want to grab a quick bite after work and your friends are not hungry, I'd say go down the street to Woodrow's, as they're friendlier. CB has a rule that tables are for eaters, mixed crowds should hover around the bar. Well, the bar gets crowded, and if I wanna eat, I have to rub elbows with other jerkoffs who are also not eating. Does this make sense?  The overall feel is that the bar is biding its time, or maybe the owners use it as a tax sink? I don't know. It lacks soul. And there's not even a real copper barrel in the decor. When you go in there, only half of the bar is occupied. The rest is off limits unless you're all grubbing up. And the staff isn't particularly helpful or apologetic in that regard.  Still, if you're not opposed to a decent, reasonably priced ($8.00) burger or sandwich for lunch, try it out. And then GTFO.	 1
I haven't had a lunch this bad for a really long time.  It was disgusting!  I ordered from Seamless Web and went with the Cheeseburger ($10.50) which came with a side of fries.  Simple enough order, right?  Let me count the ways they went wrong:   1.  Sandwich arrived in a flat take-out container rather than a sandwich container.  2.  Requested medium rare, but it was prepared medium/medium well.  3.  Hamburger was not uniform in thickness, so it had weird bulges on one side that were charcoal-y and very burnt.   4.  Requested bleu cheese for my cheese, but I couldn't readily detect it.  I think they used bleu cheese dressing instead.  Gross.  Apparently $10.50, isn't enough money to cover a couple crumbles of the real thing.    5.  Sandwich was really soggy and oozing a creamy juice.  There was no way to prevent it from coating my fingers and stop the bun from falling apart.  Said ooze did not taste good either.     6.  The single pickle was a 1 inch thick coin that really didn't work on the sandwich.  At least cut it in half and distribute it.      7.  The crinkle cut fries were clearly pre-purchased in bulk and fried.  Think Ore-Ida.  Absolutely flavorless.       Gourmet spots like Burger Creations and BRGR have much better sandwiches at a lower price point.  Who would deal with this madness?  This is really one of the worst cheeseburgers I have ever had.  Ugh!	 1
I  came here on a Monday night with 2 friends. We came in only because on the  sign outside the bar it said happy hour from 11am til 12am... Umm sounds amazing, right? But its totally not.There was this bartender named Josh who was a total jerk. He announced they were closing at 10pm instead of midnight and when we asked why they were closing early he didnt even have a legit reason. Though the bar was sort of full he even turned customers away! Totally unprofessional and selfish, Josh should not be working there he had no respect for paying customers!! $3 drafts are enticing but it is a total rip off! Avoid at all costs and go to the Dark Horse directly across the street and order a skittles shot!! ;)	 1
Soooo I'm not really sure what was more comical, the bartender's (explicitly told) story about her cussing out an MTA agent, or the complete lack of professionalism in the entire place. Either way, what a mess!  I have a bit of history with this place, which is to say that when I worked in this area last year, it had just opened and my friends and I came here on occasion. Servers / bartenders were not super attentive, but they were at least nice enough to justify going there for the $8 lunch special. Food is good enough, considering it's at lunch and $8.  So, when I began working in the area again a few weeks ago, I immediately thought to go there when the hunger pangs hit. Well, I had also just refilled my Venti Iced Coffee, and the bartender refused to serve me bc I had a coffee. I understand you don't want people to bring in their own beverages, but do y'all even serve coffee? You know what, fine, I'll go somewhere else then, because I am NOT throwing away my lifeline.  Either I have a bad memory or I'm a masochist, because I decided to go back today (you know, the "need a beer with lunch" kinda day). Here's a play-by-play:  1. I sit down at the bar, unsure if the girl sitting next to me is a patron or a waitress. Bartender is in the middle of work drama story, and acknowledges my presence by putting a coaster in front of me. SHE DIDN'T EVEN LOOK AT ME.  2. I know exactly what I want, but clearly I need to wait until she's done with this super-fascinating story, as well as work gossip between the three girls. THEN I am allowed to order my drink. I have to call her over to order my food.  3. While I'm waiting, a man sits down in the bar stool next to me. Then, and only then, does the waitress get up out of her seat... and reluctantly, I might add. The bartender pulls the whole "I see you but I'm not looking at you" move again... that is, until she decides to ask him his name in an effort to be friendly (aka he's a guy so she's hoping for a bigger tip). Yo, what's up with that preferential treatment?  4. A waitress brings over my food, and bartender puts it in front of me - "Oh, let me get you a napkin..." which is to say, "Let me get you a napkin after I take care of the guy next to you who is 3/4 done with his beer and basically anything else I can manage to do before getting it for you."  5. Food's alright, though the entertainment is better... this is where the MTA story comes in. "I f***ing told her didn't she f***ing see me swipe that sh**?! God what a b****! And then the police officer came over to me and I was just like 'F*** you b****!'".... WHOA. You're giving me a lot of drama miss thing. I mean, I'm not judging - who doesn't hate the MTA or hasn't secretly or not-so-secretly cursed out the agent - but damn girl you might want to save that for an after-work drink.  6. Guess who walks in? Well, I'm not really sure either; it could have been the manager, owner, random man in street clothes... really no telling. Apparently, though, her tirade didn't phase him, because he laughed with her and waltzed off towards the kitchen.  7. Which brings me to my next observation... NONE of these girls have their hair tied back. Health violation anyone? Furthermore, one of the servers flipped her hair and scratched her nose before handing ketchup to the guy next to me. Yikes, glad that wasn't my ketchup.  8. I would further like to point out to the jury that the bartender did not offer me another beer, never once looked me in the eye (and really barely looked at my face), never greeted me, and never once said thank you.  Masochist that I am, I doubt I'll come back, even if I DO need a lunch beer.	 1
Fresh, varieties , happy hour! All solid 5 stars. I literally live very close to this venue and am surprised it took me so long to come back a second time!  Happy hour $1 / oyster. I don't eat oysters often ( I can eat raw sushi everyday but oysters are novel to me) and these are amazingly fresh. You won't regret ordering them , especially during happy hour . I came in by myself this afternoon to check out the happy hour and sat at the bar. Very nice friendly staff and manager. I wished I was more hungry , I got my favorites/ mussels which came with fries for $12 and a couple oysters. The guy next to me order the same thing but he got a dozen oysters . It's a fish market so I can't wait to come back for fresh clams and varieties of mussels! I brought home crab cakes and candied tuna , which I can't wait to make . I'm a little picky about ingredients and everything seem very basic and fresh without all the preservatives  .  I recommended this place if you like oysters, mussels, clams, fresh seafood! It is unique ( not manufactured / generic  ambiance ) and makes a pleasant experience alone- on a date- with a group of friends!	 0
I'm already a regular at this place.  I like the casual atmosphere, friendly service, menu options, and mostly the convenience, since it's right in my neighbourhood. I cherish this diversion from standard pub fare.  The menu hits all the right notes, with an amazing oyster selection. The raw oysters are served with fresh horseradish, lemon, cocktail sauce, and a variety of three vinegars. Hot sauces are also available.  The menu also has delicious fried oysters, mussels, clams, clam chowder and other seafood-inspired appetizers. The large items include fish and chips, fish tacos, crab and lobster. They even have options for the non-seafood lover, such as steak frites, and burgers. As a bonus, they have a decent beer and wine menu. As another bonus, you can buy oysters to go from their market counter.  There is a day-time happy hour between 3pm and 6pm, but my favourite time to visit is during the late night happy hour after 9pm. Raw oysters at $20/20 and there are several other dishes and drinks offered at a special price. My only qualm is that the closing time is unpredictable, and is often a bit early for my liking - shortly after 10pm on my last few visits.  The servers have set the bar high. We're always treated like stars here. I'm a fan.	 0
My new fave spots for oysters! If you're a fan of oysters, delicious drinks and great service COME HERE.   My friend suggested this spot so we decided to check it out today. They just opened a week ago but I'm sure once word gets out this place is going to be super buuusy.   Why?   Their oysters are delicious and they have happy hour oysters every day from 3-6pm. Yes. EVERY. Day. We went today on a Sunday and surprised they had it on weekends.  The oysters were FRESH. We had the Fanny Bay, Golden Mantle, Royal Miyagi, and Mattaki oysters and they were all fresh and delicous. $1 per oyster (I can't remember the last time I went to a spot that had real 'shuck a buck' and with such fresh oysters nonetheless). They give you the usual horse radish and lemon but then they also give you a delicious selection of house made sauces. Four in total, they included the chef's signature cocktail sauce, mango habenero, watermelon Thai, and apple cider mignonette. Loved this little selection!   We also ordered a soup each. I had the seafood chowder which was delicious and stacked with salmon, mussels, cod, clams, and a ton if other seafood. My friend had the clam chowder. The soups was quite filling and came with toasted baguettes.   They serve an in house version of long Island ice tea called the Vancouver Island Ice tea which is delicious - I dont know what they put in it but tasted a lot like ginger beer.  Service was on point. Great staff, very friendly and knowledgeable abt the business. The owner is apparently an ex Rodney's guy.  They have a section of tanks where they put all their live seafood including crabs, lobster etc so you can see what they have daily. Also they sell frozen seafood as well to go. I've no doubt in my mind this spot is going to become the go to spot for seafood in the neighbourhood.    I'm definitely going back to try more on their menu.	 0
I saw an article about this on the November 3rd edition of Daily Hive (formally Van City Buzz) and since I was in the area I decided to try it. The article was on the best creme brulee, therefore, I had to come in to see for myself. I was in and out like a bank job or in this case a sugar hit and run.  Humorous moment was when I was looking for the hook under the table at the bar I accidentally grabbed the knee of the guy beside me. To save me from what he could clearly could detect was embarrassment he made some jokes which lightened the mood.  It got busy quick being the last Friday before the end of the holidays.   The creme itself was nice and thick with a nicely torched crust. It's so rich that it's recommended for two. It was the only thing I ate and I felt super full. I fished the dish clean like a hover vacuum on a mission.  I chatted up with Ryan the bartender who was picking my brain a bit about creme brûlée.   Very nice atmosphere.  Prices were reasonable.	 0
One of the best Nicoise Salad I have ever had. Every bite was intoxicating, texture of the fish was well done and the dressing was impeccable.	 0
I looked at the menu prior to visiting and found some interesting items which I did get to try but sadly, they were quite disappointing. We ordered a few appies and a main to share. Need to save room for dessert!  -Devils on Horseback (2.5/5-$7): You get 6 pieces in a pool of bbq sauce. It's basically bacon wrapped dates with something in the middle. You'd think bacon wrapped anything would be good, but nuh uh. The bacon was good, don't get me wrong. The combination with the dates and the bbq sauce didn't work well for me. I'd say skip the bbq sauce if you can.  -Scotch Egg (3/5-$8): Not particularly good nor bad. Generous amount of meat around the egg!  -Rabbit Terrine (2.5/5-$15): This comes with mustard, 3 slices of toast and pickles. The terrine was quite stiff. Nothing to write about the taste. The mustard was lovely. But not worth $15.  -Beets (4/5-$15): I was skeptical about getting this dish as I'm not big on Middle Eastern flavours, but this one got me. It was pretty darn tasty. The only downfall was the beets. It wasn't sweet.  -The Pourhouse burger (3.5/5-$18): The burger itself was really greasy. I wouldn't want to imagine how many calories I'd be consuming if I had the whole thing to myself. It was tasty and had a quality burger with some pork belly on top. Why would it taste good?! It lacked the veggies that usually comes with a burger. I'm sure a slice or two of a tomato would cut out some of the fattiness of the burger. The fries were ok.   Overall, none of the dishes were above average and most fell short. I deducted points for failure to execute the main component of the dish to its best (eg. the beets, the terrine).	 1
The roommate and I were in Gastown and stopped by Pourhouse since I had them bookmarked for their cocktails. It was Sunday, January 17th around 5:30pm. We ended up sitting at the bar and ordering two rounds of drinks.  *Old pal: American rye, vermouth, campari ($13) I got this cocktail to start off with. A little sweeter than I prefer, but a good drink to start off the night.  *Ardbeg uigeadail: islay ($19 single) *Oban 14 yr: highlands ($13 single) *Taketsuru pure malt ($12 single)  The roommate wanted straight pours, so he decided to try a couple scotches. I got the oban. Nothing new, but a good go to for me. Our bartender was awesome and suggested the taketsuru pure malt. The roommate liked it and even ordered it at the next bar we went to.  The atmosphere is dark, a little exclusive, and kind of sexy. I loved it! If I had a bar like this close to home, I'd probably be a regular! The bartenders were also fun and we talked a bit before it started getting busy.  Note: They have free WiFi! Just ask for the password.	 0
This review is for Sunday night drinks at the bar.  We popped in between 7 and 8pm on a Sunday night to enjoy cocktails and live music while sitting at the bar.    I quite enjoyed my Debbie Does, and my husband liked his Sazerac.  The bartender was excellent - friendly and very competent.  The live music, which had a blues/rock feel, was great.  Overall, an awesome visit!	 0
A rip off! A waste! Never AGAIN! It was so foolish of me to try and eat here, and I have specifically condemned myself twenty times for all the consumption that took place here. What a joke!	 1
Disgusting.overcharging bartenders, meathead bouncers, pigslop" food". How much longer can this place be allowed to open being so close to cityhall. Should be closed under the trade description act. I want my $8 back. I wont waste my time describing this place as i spent 45 mins there and thats enough time for any one person to devote to this........i cant think of a word vile enough!!!!! K.k.	 1
Tagliolini porcini is my newest obsession.  Holy crap is it good. The chewy strands of pasta, the big mushroom pieces, that amazing tomato cream sauce...I'm in heaven. Portion sizes and prices are just right. Funny enough, I actually came here because I was in the mood for some Spaghetti Bolognese, but I got tempted by the Tagliolini after reading the yelp reviews. Yelpers, you guys are awesome!  The place is so, so tiny. I wouldn't even consider eating in here, even though it's a rather cute, cramped little space. When it gets crowded, there's no place to stand. Definitely a to go place for sure. I'm already looking forward to getting some more of that pasta.  Also, review #700!	 0
Great food for great price! Was going to watch a late movie with friend and got here because it was still open at the time; food was unexpectedly great! My friend had chick parmesan pasta and it was just mind-blowing.  The chicken was tender, juicy and tasty~   Although space is limited, would recommend take out instead.	 0
I came here for lunch one afternoon because I heard about the affordable $10 lunch special. The Italian man at the register was one of the nicest guys I have ever met! I ordered the penne with a salad and a "New York Water". They gave me a nice size portion of bread and oil to keep me satisfied while waiting. The salad came, fresh greens and a delicious vinaigrette. The penne arrived a few minutes later with fresh mozzarella and basil. The food was delicious. I will definitely return.	 0
Never a bad meal here! Slightly pricier than your usual pasta place, but what you're really paying for is the quality of ingredients & home cooking taste.  I love the spaghetti bolognese & get it every time. I'll be coming back for that dish until I can't anymore :)	 0
Super small but in a cozy, not cramped way. The pasta is perfectly cooked - al dente! Every bite is delicious and definitely worth the price :) I got the Tagliolini Porcini and it was wonderful!	 0
This is my favorite hidden gem in New York City.  You can look at it and say "Wow, that's ghetto."  But the chef behind those dishes knows what he is doing, and he is a damn good guy for making the prices so affordable.  The only downside to this place is that it is very, very small.  It seats about 8 people and has a bench outside. There's a shelf area where you can make your own olive oil and vinegraette dip for the bread, or get some of the homemade dip they made. There's also ice water provided.    For such a small place, I love their menu options. It's extensive, and their specials never go wrong. I always opt for the specials because the food combinations for each one always sound good and make me completely indecisive.  Recently I had the special Bow Tie pasta with asparagus, salmon, and porcini mushrooms in pink sauce.  I licked that plate CLEAN. : )  I've never tried their non-pasta options, but I don't plan to because the pastas are al dente and just heavenly... I'm dreaming of it right now!	 0
I work around here, and my favorite lunches are from Pepe Rosso. The owner always makes you feel like a million bucks, and you just leave feeling happy. Plus the food is some of the best Italian food I've ever had in New York! (Slash probably anywhere). I usually get the penne spinach and it's just amazing. I only do takeout, inside is a little claustrophobic but if you don't mind sitting on top of someone else, then go for it. You might even make a friend!	 0
Greeted nastily when picking up a Seamless order of Rigatoni Prosciutto di Parma and Arugula in Pink Sauce $12.95 (bland prosciutto di parma, limp and mushy arugula, decent pink sauce*) in the tiny space (hence the name). *My description, not Seamless'	 1
Food is INSANELY good. Place has been constantly busy and packed when I go to grab food. Clearly a sign of how good the food is. Their wine is also pretty good and they make it themselves.    My go to is the spaghetti bolognese - so delciosu	 0
New York is a haven for good Italian food, but most exist in the form of fine dining. If you want delicious no fuss, unpretentious, pasta, Pepe Rosso has got it hands down. Mainly a takeout joint, there are a few spaces to sit down for a quick bite if you can snag a seat.	 0
Pretty good food, it's worth the money. The italiano panini ($6.50) with chicken, mozzarella, and pesto was delicious.  The chicken wrap ($6.50) with lettuce, red peppers, avocado, and tomatoes was a little bland. Needs a little more sauce. I liked how they used a whole wheat wrap though, and how the wrap was filled with chicken. What I like the best is their Craft-your-own salad bar, where you can choose a small salad ($7) or big salad ($8), choose a base (mesclun mix, lettuce, spinach, arugula), choose unlimited toppings, and a sauce. They have a wide variety of toppings and most of them are free! There's also a seating area. I love the atmosphere. The people here are very nice and are fast at taking orders. Would definitely come here again!	 0
Never again. My friend purchased a $10 for $20 Groupon for this place. Since it's close to work, and we enjoy eating out a lot, we were excited about trying it, with the hope of eventually returning. Ummmm...no.  Our total was around $14. The cashier did not indicate that the entire $20 needed to be used all at once, and it does not say as much on the website, as you can see here:  http://www.groupon.com/deals/worth-cafe  So, after we gave the cashier the Groupon voucher, via her iphone, we sat down at one of only 4 tiny tables in the place. She realized that there'd been no receipt/discussion about how to redeem the remainder of her $20 voucher, so she went back up to the register and asked how that would be done. We had NO expectations, but really just wanted to know the policy, since there was still around $6 left on the $20 Groupon offer. The cashier's response was "Uh...what happens to the rest of it? I don't know. I guess you have to use it all in one visit...I don't know." Okaaaaay...so we sat down, and contemplated what else to buy. Ideally, since there was nothing stating that it had to be used at one time, in the offer, we had planned to carry over the remaining $6 to another day, when, obviously we'd spend even MORE money.   After we sat for a few minutes, my friend grabbed a water and some granola bars, and went back up to the cashier, to use the rest of the voucher. She once again encountered the rude cashier AND owner/manager, who said that she could not use the remaining value, since it needed to be used all at once. She explained to him that the cashier NEVER mentioned that to her, AND that the fine print does not indicate such restrictions. Even still, all we wanted was to use the rest DURING THE SAME VISIT, since we sat there and did not leave the place, while we ate.   The response from manager/owner: "The Groupon says you have to use it all at one time." Even after my friend offered to show him the voucher and read to him what it said, he was rude and dismissive, saying "You don't have to make a federal case out of it." That's funny, cause we work at the federal courthouse.   Anyhow, it was the rudest, most uncomfortable lunch experience we've ever had, and she's worked in the area for 12 years! It's really unfortunate, because the reason she even bought the Groupon was so that we could try the place out, in hope that we'd go there again. Instead, we were treated like THEY were doing us a favor. Just...wow.   We won't be going back here again, ever, but will definitely make it a point to eat at Civic Deli, Albella's, Lil's Chinese, McDonald's, and Sazon.   Not every customer who purchases a Groupon deal is trying to "get away" with something.  Now, we feel forced to share this experience with anyone who asks.	 1
Had INCREDIBLE calamari here and so appreciate that they give back into the community! Tastes even better!	 0
This place came highly recommended by my cousin, so my husband and I decided to try it out while we are in town. The drinks are pricy, but very good! I got the Centennial, since I like fruity sweet drinks, and my husband got the Old Fashioned. We also ordered the Octopus and Scotch Egg. Both dishes were delicious! The tzaziki sauce was really refreshing to the octopus and potatoes. The egg was cooked PERFECTLY. Who doesn't like deep fried foods? Deliiiiish!!!  Our server, Sophia, was great also! It was our first time here and she was extremely friendly and helpful with the menu!!	 0
Went for drinks on a Sunday night around 6:30. We were seated at the bar right away, and just in time for some live Brazilian jazz music. The highlight of our visit was our fantastic bartender (wish I remembered her name).  She made incredible drinks and took the time to figure out what we liked and also made us off menu items.  The Silver Fizz was amazing and she also made me a Royal Bermuda Yacht Club which was like nothing I had ever had before. If you like well made cocktails I highly recommend stopping here.	 0
Went here with friends for some drinks after work one Friday night. The gentleman who served us was fantastic. He was witty, personable, and seriously knew his stuff when it came to cocktails. A couple friends asked for surprise drinks, which I can't imagine is any servers favourite request. He handled it well though and asked for a few more details of what they were looking for. Were there any types of liquor that they didn't like, any they preferred, did they want something sweet, something bitter? When he came back with their drinks, they were both pleasantly surprised.   Unfortunately, that server left us halfway through. I think he worked the bar and, since we were sitting in the restaurant area, he wasn't able to serve us once it got busy. Although our new server was pleasant enough, she wasn't as witty and upbeat as he was. Still, she did a good job of checking up on us and refilling our drinks.   I ended up ordering the crispy fried cheese with the curry ketchup. They were delicious and I loved the curry ketchup!   Prices are definitely a little higher here, but you get what you pay for. Great drinks, food, service and atmosphere. Perfect spot for a date or just a nice night out.	 0
Katie the Bartender pours drinks like nobody's business!  She's actually a barback here but recently moved to Vancouver so she has to pay her dues.  I hope they get her as a bartender full time because she know's her cocktails like a magician knows magic.  We didn't eat anything here, so this review is purely based on the libations.  I think I had 4 drinks here, all were just as delicious as the previous one: vodka martini with a twist (she made it taste just like water, so I didn't order another one as would have been a dangerous night otherwise), a Ramos gin fizz (concocted to perfection as it took 4 people to shake this baby to the 10 star that it was), a cognac sidecar, and some concoction she made that had a beautiful presentation (I can't quite remember the name of the drink, but it was good and gorgeous).  All cocktails are $14 CAD here, which isn't bad if the exchange rate is in the USD's favor.  For as good as these were, I'd say it was all worth it.  Not only were the drinks brilliant, but the service was even better.  Katie made us feel like regulars here and answered any questions we had.  She was very inviting and engaging.  She almost felt like a friend that made you a drink when you needed it.  The manager, Chris, was also cool.  Come here for the drinks!  You're guaranteed to love it!	 0
Loved the cocktails and the wine we ordered. Our server was very knowledgable. This is a great place to go with friends.	 0
I like the Pourhouse, it's never a chorehouse, it's never a borehouse, I want to go morehouse.  The Pourhouse is one of my favourite restaurants in all of Vancouver. I've always found the food to be really good quality (and cheaper than I'd expect, for how fancy it is), while the service is very professional and friendly, the ambience is lovely and the cocktail selection is great. You can get some great drinks here, both traditional and original, and if you're visiting Gastown I'd definitely recommend you put this on your to-see list.  The Pourhouse can get very busy, though, so if you can either reserve in advance or have a table held for you for later, that will make your evening a happier one. There are sometimes some long waiting lists if you turn up at the door. This place is popular, as it deserves to be.	 0
We sat at the chef's table which was such an amazing experience from the extremely knowledgeable and lovely waitress who helped us figure out what cocktails the bartenders could create for us.. which were incredible!! Then the food which I am literally still drooling over the next day (who knew squash could be so damn good) and the atmosphere was so cool watching the kitchen staff move nonstop... makes you really appreciate how hard they work to put together these meals. It was honestly the best meal of my life.	 0
My favorite new lunch spot along Main!  As someone with celiac disease, this place is amazing!   I have been told by the owner that they strive to create many of their menu items to be gluten-free by default--no need to compromise flavour by making modifications in order to make them gluten-free--Incredible!  So, everything that goes in the deep frier is gluten-free--Wahoo!   This is one of the only places I'm aware of that can say that. That means I can have all the delicious deep-fried appies which happens--like--never!  So far, my salad rolls have been delicious--I can eat the peanut dipping sauce!!--and my husband likes the mac n cheese a lot as well as the broccoli appie.  Atmosphere / music / etc are all great too. I look forward to coming back for a fourth time!	 0
Really disappointing after looking so forward to it. My arburger was soft and had an overall moist feeling to it in when I held it in my fingers (not a good thing) and with the macadamia cheese added to it, the overall texture was that of mush. The shredded lettuce on it was lacklustre. Paid $5 extra for fries and they were all short tiny pieces. The table across from me had gloriously long pieces that they pulled out of their paper cone with glee. I was expecting a little bit of that joy when it came time to eat my burger and fries. It was possibly the worst veggie burger I've had in my life. But am willing to give some of the other dishes a try -- not anytime soon but maybe one day.  My husband had the artichoke sandwich, which he  devoured. He enjoyed it but did think the artichokes tasted a little too mushy. My bites tasted like an overload of chipotle mayo but were still tasty.   Great service. Very friendly and welcoming.	 1
I finally tried The Arbor and I was super impressed! I had high expectations walking in - after all, I love The Acorn, and I'm also a super critical diner (sorry friends). This casual, cafeteria-style eatery has a few fine dining hallmarks - the still and sparkling water service, for example, even though it's self-serve (and free). Otherwise it's quite casual.  I ordered the Arburger and some fries with mushroom gravy. The server - cashier? - was super friendly and helpful and made sure to confirm whether our group had any allergies or dietary restrictions before finalizing our order. I loved this extra touch.  The burger itself was "dry aged" - the texture was perfect, not too dry/mealy and not too wet either. It didn't have the bite of a seitan patty, but the combination of sauces and flavours was excellent. One of my dining companions got hers with the eggplant bacon and really enjoyed it. The fries were delicious as well - perfectly crispy and well salted. The portion of mushroom gravy we got was more than we needed for the fries, but I happily ate the rest of it with a spoon.  Portions are quite small, but that is reflected in the price, and it encourages you to try their delicious looking appetizer and side dish options. I will definitely be back again and again!	 0
We came here last weekend after a day on the mountain. We really like the Acorn( it's more sophisticated sister restaurant with an hour wait next door).. but as we are still in our snow pants & hungry, we decided the Arbor was more of our vibe. My husband loved our entire meal. I also really enjoyed it but he was raving about it for a while. He's a meat eater ( Paleo diet) so I think he was very pleasantly surprised that he was satiated and liked how everything tasted. We ordered the popcorn broccoli, artichoke nuggets ( very unique , pretty good with the sauce .. ), jack fruit steam buns, and spaghetti and Neatballs. The jackfruit steam buns were really flavorful but it's not a full meal, you'll need to order something else with it. The Neatballs were densely nutritiously packed !  Next time, I can't wait to try the cocktails! It's a very casual environment, friendly upbeat service , and there wasn't a wait when we stopped in at 7 pm( but it's still new so that might change quick!).	 0
I have been a fan of the Acorn since day one and could hardly wait for the arbor to open. I love that it directly competes with Meet on Main on the vegetarian comfort food but the quality here is not even comparable to the slop they call food over there (still haven't gotten over the fact that they opened a second Meet on Main location!)  The room is lovely and cozy, can't wait for the back patio to be open in warmer weather.  I also love that they have the balls to have a "fried" category (you don't know what you are missing if you don't know deep frying makes everything better) with perfectly fried, somehow not greasy delights.  The oyster mushrooms is served like you'd see calamari, perfect chew and crunch. The artichoke sandwich is huge and cut in half for sharing.  If you are GF, it's good to note that they make their GF bread and do not charge extra for the substitution.  It's going to take us a few visits to get through the whole menu, but that's a great problem to have. I'd even forgive them for having a beet and goat cheese salad (it always makes me cringe since it seems to be the usual veg option at most restaurants since 1990).	 0
Excellent, personal service. Great menu for vegans. The artichoke nuggets are deliciously amazing. When the food first arrived, first impression was that the portions wouldn't satiate. But we left more than satisfied.	 0
I love the Arbor! My husband and I are huge Acorn fans but it's a "special occasion" restaurant for us due to the higher cost. When we found out about Arbor, we couldn't wait to try it out. The service was fast and friendly. As a celiac (gluten-free) vegan, my choices at restaurants are usually quite minimal so I'm always excited to try a new gf/v friendly restaurant. The space is quite small but I liked the vibe in there. You order at the counter and they bring it over to you.  We went for lunch with some friends and ordered the french fries (which I found to be a bit salty but everyone else raved about them) and onion rings (amazing!) to share. Two of us ordered coffee and apparently it was top notch (I'm not a coffee drinker so didn't try it). I had the southern fried artichoke sandwich made vegan and on the gluten-free bun. Let me tell you that this gf ciabatta bun was KILLER. I have not had bread like this in years. (I even asked if they sell the buns by themselves but unfortunately not.) My husband and one friend had the arburger, which they said was good, and our other friend had the vegan mac 'n' cheese. My husband finished that up for her and said it was to die for. They also have dessert, cookies, muffins, etc, but we were too full for any of that.  This is officially one of our new go-to restaurants! I want to try the jackfruit buns, the tacos, the kombucha (the guy - owner? - was making some as we were leaving and it looked really good), the fried oyster mushrooms... AND they had a sign saying breakfast coming soon. YUM.	 0
I was disappointed in how inflexible this place was towards accommodating allergies, especially given how much they already seem to take dietary restrictions into consideration. The server told me I could not order an item without cheese (and the nut cheese was not an option due to an allergy) which significantly limited the menu options for me. The small amount of food that I had was very tasty, however, and the friend that I came with said her sandwich was quite good.	 1
I really wanted to love this place, as I do love Acorn, but the food was really lacking in flavour. The main issue with the food was that it was incredible greasy. It was so greasy that my hands and fingers were soaked in grease and I felt ill after the meal. We ordered the popcorn broccoli (probably the best dish of the evening) and artichoke nuggets to start. The artichoke nuggets were very greasy. My friend ordered the mac and cheese which was flavorless and not cheesy at all. It was really dry. I had the artichoke sandwich which I was really excited about but the artichoke (which was deep fried) was so oily, it kept sliding out of the sandwich and it was also way too overloaded with sauce. My mouth was just filled oil and again, lacking in flavour. My husband did have another veggie burger which he did enjoy however. So, all in all, I really had high hopes but I left feeling sick and disappointed.	 1
Around the corner from the Marriott Res Inn, this "hole in the wall" hit the spot after 7pm.  The now-legendary Spicy Lemon Rosemary Chicken sandwich was just lemony enough and well balanced, on that famous crusty bread. The Montreal pizza was truly excellent, with half grape tomatoes scattered over well done smokey bacon and mushrooms, all on a tasty thin crust. Wanted to try all 6 pizzas!  Also tried the chicken gumbo soup with pasta, very different and highly recommended.	 0
Awesome bread. Nice folks. Flavorful fillings. I had the meatloaf which was tender and juicy. The only thing I would say is it seemed a spice in either the sauce or meat was a bit much. Tasted like thyme of which I'm not a big fan and I think was just put on a little heavy handed.   The pizza smelled wonderful. I will be back to try one soon.	 0
Best sandwiches in town. Home made with very healthy and organic ingredients. Glenn the owner is really a Chef and cooking everything himself.  As a Frenchman, I am always difficult when it's about food but the place is definitively my favorite and value for money. American guests complaining about the prices of these sandwiches can cross the street over and eat their junk at Subway!	 0
Incredible sandwiches, very friendly staff. I was told to get the rosemary chicken, but I can never resist a reuben. Can't wait to go back and try the pizza.	 0
This is my favourite sandwich place. He always make a fresh bread. The sandwich option is pretty healthy and he uses free run chicken. I notice  at the beginning when I started to go there  he put more but recently i notice the sandwich is shrinking. Still the taste is amazing. I hope he makes combo of soup with sandwich or barbecue sandwiches.	 0
Nice guy, excellent sandwiches. Please go here so they don't go under, it's a goofy location.	 0
Best sandwich ever!! Nice service!!! The owner is very nice and welcome!!! Love it!!! Will def come back again!!!	 0
Best sandwiches, period. I have never been disappointed by any of my meals here, and they're americano is a must try. These guys really know what they're doing. Plus you can't go wrong with their handmade bread. Eugh, so good.	 0
Visiting Vancouver and came here for lunch.  It's a very cozy spot can sit around 9 people at one time.  They have coffee and soda as well.  There's menus on the counter by the register with all their menu items.  I ordered lemongrass chicken.  It was pretty quick to make and I was also the first patron for the day.    The daily special is outside on the chalkboard so you might miss it if you don't take a look before coming in.  The guy that helped me is easy going and told me my order is the most popular.  The sandwich itself is really well made. The bread is really soft and hardy so it will fill you up.  It might get a little messy but it's totally worth it. The sandwich is extremely flavorful and the jalapeños add a subtle kick to the entire meal. Will totally be back in the future for a quick bite!	 0
Ordered online via Grubhub. Order suddenly got cancelled because of technical difficulties on the restaurant's side, which is fine and understandable. Subsequently Grubhub called - somehow they managed to get the order through and re-charged my card for the delivery amount. Delivery guy shows up and asks for cash. I hand him a $20 (order amount is $12) and he doesn't have change. If you can't accept online orders with credit cards, at least have cash change for your deliveries.	 1
I pick up lunch here once in a long while. I used to visit more often to have the taco bowl - a tortilla shell filled with chicken, brown rice, black beans, corn, salsa, and guacamole - but I've been disappointed repeatedly by the quality. I tried it again today and it just wasn't to my satisfaction.  They have a nice fresh salad counter which I've enjoyed on a couple of visits. Desserts by the register are pricy.	 1
Jim's Rule for choosing the name of your restaurant:  don't pick something that is so easy to mock in a review.  Is it worth it?  Um, a starving Peace Corps volunteer would turn their nose up at this tripe.  This was my worst Seamless Web order ever.    The high end for the delivery estimate was 30 minutes.  That seemed kind of long for lunch given that I only ordered a panini and the place was a few minutes away.  After an hour, yes HOUR, I called the phone number for the restaurant.  I learned that the number was not valid for voice mail messages.  Are you serious??  So, I then called Seamless Web.  After being on the phone for a few minutes, my doorman called and informed me that delivery person finally made it.  I was handed my sandwich with nary an apology.  I opened up the tiny takeout container (suitable for a side order), and saw the two halves of my sandwich squished inside.  Each half was noticeably charred black with grill marks and pressed very thin.  All I could taste was burnt.  If I could pick up anything in the background, it was way too much salt.  Yeah, burnt salt.  Yum.  God awful.  Just avoid.	 1
Staff is really friendly, so don't be afraid to try new things and customize. I recommend getting to know the staff and making this place a regular lunch/mid-day stop. I'm slightly biased in that this cafe is close to work, but the service and overall quality of the place is quite good.  The food is your typical deli foods (sandwiches, salads, soups, etc), but they have great specials like their lunch salad special with unlimited veggies and choice of a protein (i.e. chicken). Sometimes they have unique specials like a pizza (which was really really large) for $4.99 with one topping.  This cafe is really close to another cafe that is two doors down. I like this cafe better because it doesn't have a self-serve component so I know my food is only being exposed to the staff rather than anyone who walks into the cafe. The staff is super friendly, which can make your quick lunch on a stressful day all the more enjoyable. I definitely recommend. (Try the BLT on a croissant with honey--absolutely delicious!)	 0
Food is average and prices are ok. The cashier was rude after I explained to her that I did not order two egg and cheese sandwiches. Just one with two eggs. She made me pay for both... They say they are customer friendly but it doesn't feel genuine.	 1
This place sucks. I ordered a Cobb salad and asked for tuna instead of chicken and I was charged $2 extra so my salad ended up being $11. When I asked about it, the guy at the register said tuna is more expensive than tuna. Really? Because last time I checked the tuna is $1 a can.	 1
For my 50th review, I decided to get my "first to review" stripes and write about this place.  Since I used to live in an apartment building on Worth Street, it seems appropriate that I'd be the first to review Worth Cafe.   While I can attest to the fact that this place is located on Worth street, I wouldn't necessarily say that this place is worth visiting. And, it'd be more appropriate to deem this place a glorified deli than a cafe. There are very few tables inside and only one table outside. As for the food, it's typical deli fare with sandwiches, paninis, and salads. There are also a small number of dessert options such as cannolis, which were actually pretty good.  What was horrible, however, were there milkshakes. Actually, calling what the attendant made a "milkshake" is an affront to the word.  It was, hands down,  one of the worst drinks I ever tried in my life.   Still, if one doesn't happen to be working in the Civic Center, this place isn't worth walking more than a couple of minutes to get to. Even for those people who live in the area, there are better places to go for a quick lunch. I ended up giving this place 2-stars instead of 1-star because it's in close proximity to me, the prices are decent and the people there are pleasant. I guess that I am feeling particularly nice today.	 1
I have honed the commute between NYC and VA and back to the point where there is almost no wasted time.  If I am in Union Station, I have precious little time to buy a last minute ticket, grab dinner, and hit the Acela first class lounge for the courtesy pre-boarding announcement for the train home.  Unfortunately, the real whammy in the whole commute is deciding where to eat at in Union Station.  The choices are pitifully bad.  Pasta T'Go-Go is no exception.    They specialize in generous heapings of pasta and a slather of weak sauces.  The bolognese sauce for example is little more than finely ground beef, tomato paste, and water.  If you opt for something more sophisticated than a bowl of penne noodles, you will be met with the sorriest looking lasagna you have ever seen.  Yeah, don't do it.  The combo special includes, beyond the pasta, a large portion of garlic bread and a soda.  My garlic bread was hard and rubbery with a modicum of flavor and tasted as good as that sounds.  Pass.  Just upgrade to first class where a good, free hot meal is available and avoid this nonsense.	 1
I had to see for myself if the stories were true or just tall tales. The tales are true! If you wish to be served by the rudest sandwich artist in Subway franchise history. This is the place. All the businesses on this block in this neighborhood are so depressing that it adds character to your poorly made meal. Come for the attitude, pass on the food.	 1
I had always been a regular customer here as I live in the neighbourhood. I use to think Jenny Palag was such a nice lady as she would always smile and say hi when I saw her. I was in last time and brought my boyfriend, she wouldnt even make eye contact with us and she basically threw our sandwiches at us and held them up in the air like they were toxic waste. She was mumbling to herself and so angry at life. Im very worried about this woman and I dont know what will ever be done for her to get out of this buisness because complaining to subway the company itself is something others have appeared to have done. I will no longer be a customer here and will walk the other direction to go to the East Hastings location.	 1
Rudest owner I have ever met. Very greedy micro managing onsite working owner. I would hate to work for her. She probly restocks the sandwiches people walk away from considering this has gone on for years	 1
Not very nice people. They wouldn't let my nine year old boy who was bursting at the seams go to the bathroom, unless we bought something. Thumbs down! WE ARE NOT STREET PEOPLE! HELLO?!	 1
The worst subway EVER! insanely rude staff and over priced toppings, sauces, and yup, sandwiches.  I was there once and there was an elderly lady PAYING CUSTOMER that had already ordered her sandwich and wanted to use the bathroom really badly. they didn't let her use it, they called her a liar and a scammer.   not just the owner is very very rude, the staff is very unwelcoming and just straight up shitty people.  I live two blocks away, I fucking love me a good sub from now and then, but I'll never go here again.	 1
This subway wasn't too bad. They were a bit short on toppings, but they made up for it with a generous side serving of hate.	 1
The owner is extremely rude to her employees.  They charge .50 for more than three pickles on a sandwich.  She threatened an employee in front of me and yelled at me for asking why their prices were higher than other stores.  The experience was so awful I will never be back.  Wish I could give it zero stars.	 1
Only went here once, and will not be back. Very rude owner who should not be serving the public. Asked to use the bathroom to wash before eating , she told me no washroom and to go next door to Dundas Cafe and use theirs so I did and I got my sandwich there too. Hard to believe Subway allows this person to own one of their stores.	 1
ZERO STARS!   Yes AVOID the Subway on Dundas between the Dominos and the Fish and Chip Place...  This woman (the owner, Jenn something) should be stripped of her business license and franchise.  I was screamed and sworn at by her because I was on my cell phone relaying an order for a friend as texts were not coming through.    I tried to explain this to her (very politely I might add) but it was useless.  No joke, I believe she may be mentally unstable.    When I say screamed at, I mean top of her lungs completely losing her mind kind of screaming.  There is another Subway 5 minutes away, or the guys next door at the Dominos are all right.    Please never go there, and tell all your friends to not go there.  The day I see that place closed I will throw you all a pizza party.    Seriously though, I'm a normal, decent guy.  The kind of guy that apologizes to the cashier for being on the phone when in line at Safeway.    I don't need to be yelled and sworn at for wanting a sandwich, I already hate myself enough for indulging in fast food, I don't need to be berated by a proprietor also.	 1
Wow, this place is the worst, I boycotted this place about 4 years ago. The owner is the worst operator iv'e come across, cheap, rude does not follow the Subway franchise pricing or daily deals. Anyway I was on my way to work on Sat morning ( I'm a local business owner myself Mr. Mattress) so I thought i'd give them a one more chance. I go in first thing I notice is the washroom is out of order (this has been out of order for at least 4-5 years) So I order a tuna wrap w/cheese, going down the line see that the owner is so cheap the she has the tomato slices cut in half ( like are you #$@&in kidding me) plus there is no spinach. All the time i'm thinking why did I come here. So I go to pay and ask for a coffee, the server informs me that they do not have coffee on Sat or Sun because they don't sell enough. So anyways STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE, SHE DOES NOT DESERVE YOUR MONEY !!! Oh by they way I usually go to the Subway on Kaslo and Hastings and the manager Mary is AWESOME !!!	 1
Worst Subway on earth. I would actually give this Subway location zero stars. Big mistake stopping there on our way to North Van. Never again. The owner Jenn Palag yelled at my little son for (politely) asking to use the bathroom (which is permanently "out of order") and, evidently like some of the other reviewers, chased us out of the restaurant because we wanted $5 subs. My little boy was crying and I was furious. I have never had such a rude experience at a Subway anywhere on earth. I actually want to complain to Subway Canada about this. Also, I have my suspicions that Aaron B is a fake account.	 1
This store wins the award with my other fave. establishment, Mr. Lube. Unfair to compare businesses, you say? Read on. (And don't forget to go back to my Mr. Lube reviews.) Oh, I tried to take the other reviews of Subway with a grain of salt, too, and I even went in wearing my Pollyanna glasses. How bad could it really be, right? Big mistake. Those reviewers have certainly earned my respect!   Don't even think about ordering a combo here. What's that? Subway offers combos. I know, I know. I read the signs, too. No sub is less than $5.69, the same sub for which I pay approx. $4 on the west side.  When you try to "add the combo" you are still charged 86 cents a cookie and $2.50 + tax per small water. Yes, this is about the same as a larger water you'd purchase at the Macs next door.  When I questioned the rude proprietor, she yelled at me and said, "Do you think I make the prices?" Well, yes, actually; one look at her Mercedes parked just outside tells you that she does. And when you are trying to purchase a combo, she charges you double! (exaggeration but you get the gist.) I wasn't putting up with that, and I firmly requested that she not yell at me, as if I was reprimanding a belligerent child. I decided to take the high road as yelling back wasn't going to get me anywhere with this horrid woman.   How odd that in a part of town where not everyone might be raking in the six figure range, that this subway charges more than the one in Dunbar-Southlands. Incredulous, I told her that I did not want my water and cookies. She accused me of dropping the cookies on the floor, so I opted to pay for those. (Incidentally, they were intact).  This woman is so shady that I emailed head office. Of course, they didn't respond which was sorta sad. I am considering reporting her to the BBB.   Even the owner of Macs told me that he had to quit going there. (Mind you, I did pay over $4. for a bag of cheezies there, too, which I had to purchase out of distress.)   What is it with this subway, and this entire complex, really? The odd thing is that no one else in line would order anything but a sub, and the nice male patrons seemed to cower in the owner's presence.  Don't say that I didn't warn you; if you do decide to pay her a visit, be sure to go armed with your "combo prices" firmly implanted in your mind.	 1
To start with they have no 5$ footlongs's the same footlong that would cost you 5$ on hastings location will run you a cool 8.50 here $3.50 extra give me a break walked out before even ordering, absolutely preposterous to charge that much more for absolutely no reason dont even get me started on the rest of their prices they deserve -5 stars	 1
Please AVOID this subway!  I have been here a few times as I've been passing.  Each time there has been a horribly miserable lady serving (Jenn palag) The owner apparently!  I have been to many subways and this has to be the WORST I have ever been to. Jenn Palag is very rude towards customers, snapping and tutting at every request.  Most times they only have 2 types of breads available, they always have run out of something- this time was chicken.  You have to ask her 2 or 3 times to get information.  When I asked her why she had an attitude, she informed me that she was the owner and could do what she wanted!  I will never go here again, I will also tell all my friends, family about this location.  Go 5 mins down Dundas St and theres another subway location next to the Starbucks- far better experience.   I have complained to Subway head office about this franchise.  You can too if you experience similar:  http://www.subway.com/ContactUs/frmCustomerService.aspx	 1
Worse subway I've ever been to. I went in 15 min before closing, the owner/operator (Jenn palag) was giving me attitude. You can see it all in her face, and can hear in the tone of her voice. If your store is still open then it's open. I don't care if I come 5 min before closing. Your duty is to serve me. Never coming back here again. If the operator is this bad, can't imagine what her staffs are like.	 1
Alright, convincing update time.  A new kid we hired offered to buy me a Subway sandwich for lunch, which i agreed to accept IF he travels the ten blocks west to buy it and NOT to this Subway, 60 feet from our business. He seemed confused so i explained to him my story about how they don't give you a regularly filled sandwich, even if you ask them to do so. He seemed convinced. He returned to the shop some fifteen minutes later with two sandwiches and gave one to me and took his out and looked at it. "Wow... I asked for everything and it doesn't look like i got it" "You!" i accused, "You went to the bastards down the street!" He smiled and nodded. I opened my sandwich up and we both marvelled at the truly pathetic amount of veggies in my veggie delight.   I kid you not, you will be furious if you have ever eaten at a Subway before and you go here. They are just lucky i didn't pay for it because i was tempted to go return it, not for a refund but for the satisfaction.	 1
Where do I even begin? First off, I wish there was an option to leave a '0' star rating because this place doesn't even deserve a 1. I have officially been 'banned' from this subway. For two years I have shamefully given Jenn Palag (the owner) my business as it's less than a 5 minute walk away and with very little options in the area for a late night take out option, I always give in and return. I've kept my mouth shut nearly every time she was a giant bitch, which is EVERYTIME you order ANYTHING. Finally I looked up the reviews and realized I was not the only one experiencing such horrendous service. It really baffles my mind how she is still in business. Enter anytime after 7PM (she closes at midnight) and expect two types of bread, ovens turned off, all of the chairs to be up, the bathroom to  be 'out of order' and the worst customer service you'll ever experience. Like many others have done, I asked her how come she was so rude. I clearly stated that I came in with good intentions, I was kind, I was patient with her, and ordered a very simple sandwich. She immediately snapped back saying she could do whatever the F#$k she wanted, she doesn't take shit from know one because she was the owner and if I didn't like it to go to the other locations on Hastings.I was dumbfounded! Silly me, I went back again a month or so later because of the convenience. Well she was working and I had the same experience, it never fails. I went again last night and she wouldn't honor a deal she had posted, I was so fed up with her bullshit so I asked how come she is such a miserable bitch and she flipped her lid. She called me white trash, shouted FUCK YOU at least three times and told me to never come into the subway again. It sent me home in rage. I cannot believe someone can get away with providing such horrible service and be so incredibly disrespectful for absolutely no reason. This place must be a front for something, how can someone hate their job SO much, turn away so mush business, have such horrible reviews, and still be operating? Also, how can she rake in enough business to afford the Mercedes parked out front? Hmm something doesn't seem right here... Please avoid this location, it is entirely worth the extra 10 minute walk up the street to the Subway on Hastings towards Renfrew. I wish there was a way to ensure this location was shut down and this woman was to never have contact with the general public again, though unfortunately I feel that the likeliness of that ever happening is about as likely as receiving good service and a great sandwich from her.	 1
I have to say, I'm amazed that this business is still operational after all the negative complaints I have heard and read. I have been a frequent customer of this Subway for years and have had generally good experiences until this morning...the dreaded franchisee was the only person working when I entered at 7:30 this morning. Being that I was running behind schedule I had opted for "fast" food. This woman decided that my walking in signaled the perfect time to start her food prep for the day. I politely informed her that I was running late and asked if she could please wait to fill the sauce bucket until I had paid. That's when all hell broke loose. This horrible woman began screaming, ranting, and raving at me. She called me a bitch and a diva and even told me to "fuck off" at one point. She finished by throwing my debit card at me and saying "I'm going to keep this sandwich and lose money so that you can't eat". When I told her I would be calling her head office she laughed in my face and repeatedly said, "call the prime minister. See if I care. I own this place and I can talk to my customers however I want". Fortunately, a call to head office proved her claims untrue as they promised me swift action. They also mentioned they "know of" this particular person. In short, my obvious recommendation is that no one under any corcumstance visit this Subway and if you do...be prepared to be verbally assaulted...	 1
Unfortunately I have to agree with the others who were commenting on the rude owner. I've been going to this Subway for over 10 years, since it was in its old location down by the Husky and McDonalds. And, the weird thing is that the owner used to be really, really nice. She used to chat with me all the time about my job, the weather, etc. Then something happened and she became very unfriendly. I almost wonder if she got robbed or something else really bad happened to her there. The only reason I still go is that it's sooooooo convenient for me. I'm always relieved if there's someone else working there, and not her. I can't recommend this Subway location unless you're desperate.	 1
I rarely update my reviews and give a better rating, but this place deserves it. The first time I came here I had one of their take home meals which was good, but I kept hearing about their sandwiches.  I had their "Dagwood" sandwich yesterday. Oh. My. Gawd. It. Was. So. Good. The "Dagwood" has alder smoked bacon, salami, smoked sockeye salmon, caramelized onions, provolone, cheddar, pickled jalapeños, avocado, on Tuscan. It basically has everything on like handmade bread. Easily, one of the most delicious sandwiches I ever eaten. And because it is big and has so much toppings, you don't have to worry about compromising taste for hunger!	 0
I see why this place is 5/5! Ordered the jerk chicken salad with spicy mango chipotle vinaigrette. Was a very tasty salad that came with greens, avocado, tomato, jerk chicken, and mango pieces that were very ripe and flavourful! Smaller salad for ~9 but I was filled up by the end of it and the quality was worth the price! Ask tried the special of the day which was roasted cumin-spiced lamb with caramelized onions, some succulent sauce, refried beans, sandwiched between their house-made light, fluffy, yet crispy on the outside Tuscan bread. The most delicious sandwich! The two guys working the restaurant were super friendly and happy to service us, answer any q's, and chat with us about our travels. Checking in on Yelp gave us a free Americano which was a nice bonus! Some bar-height window seating inside and a nice wooden table outside. Not much seating, but available to you prefer to eat-in!	 0
Stopped in after reading all of these stellar reviews and this place did not disappoint!  Homemade bread - to die for! Meatloaf - I want that recipe - double yum!  Service - owner and staff were very very nice  I wish number e food all the best and we shared your place with everyone who would listen while visiting!	 0
I am usually a tough food critic and when I eat someplace i have much to say about the taste, value for money and more. All I can say about this place is a few words that i carefully chosen and they are : YUMMY! NOM and MUST!! this place had the best sandwiches in DOWNTOWN vancouver and I recommend anyone that is in the moon for a fast but well made with a lot of care and love sandwich, THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO !!  When you pass by it looks like another small place between lots of others and yes its not a fancy shmancy downtown vancouver place but its a rare gem !! the owner is very nice and he will take care of your tastebuds for sure !   If you get the chance DONT MISS THIS PLACE !!	 0
This place was recommended by the bike shop just steps away. The bike guy told us, "you won't forget the bread," as it's all homemade. We went to grab a quick bite before biking around town. Thoroughly impressed by the awesome amounts of flavor coming out of such a tiny little place. It was a place that you really wouldn't stumble upon since it sits in a sea of other small eateries, so I was glad someone told us to stop and take notice of #E. Great hearty sandwiches permeating flavor. Highly recommend getting whatever you order on the homemade tuscan bread. The black angus reuben left me beyond satisfied. Also, super friendly owner made this a great lunch.	 0
I was just visiting Vancouver downtown and was craving a clean sandwich. This neighborhood has some great healthy options but I thought I'd give this place a try. I ordered the spicy lemon rosemary chicken sandwich. I have to say, that was one of the best and cleanest sandwiches I have ever eaten. The flavoring was excellent with a kick from their house-made pickled jalapenos. They serve fresh and healthy lean meat with no ill regrets afterwards. If only I had more time in Vancouver! I would definitely would have went back. I will say the place is small, the seating is limited and it is a bit crammed, but to go the food if it's too big of a deal. You will not be disappointed with this sandwich spot.	 0
Consistently has great food & customer service. The owner is so nice all the time & recognizes faces. Lots of regular customers & it's getting really busy lately which I am so happy to see. The sandwiches are amazing!! Definitely a must try	 0
Why don't more people go here? The food is fresh, of high quality, and most of all, delicious. $7 for a chicken coconut curry on rice is a steal. Seriously...run over! It's that good.	 0
This place was great. My husband and I came after reading the rave reviews and weren't disappointed. I got the Reuben, which was slightly salty, but really tasty, whereas my husband got the daily special which was the BELCH which he loved  despite the messiness (he was warned about this by the workers). Atmosphere was cool and both workers were welcoming and quick on getting our food ready. I would definitely recommend trying this place out.	 0
This guy has the best sandwiches hands down! If your lucky to arrive on the right day his special with salmon is amazing!	 0
After going for a drive in the North shore, we decided to drop by The Flying Pig for some brunch. We been to the other ones so we were hoping for a delicious meal. Unfortunately, this was not the case. The theme of this brunch was "BLAND - add hot sauce."   I ordered the Beef stroganoff Mac which was creamy but bland. I needed to put hot sauce to add a bit more flavour but really that didn't help much. It did come with really good garlic bread though. We also ordered the frittata with roast chicken, bell pepper and feta cheese- Once again it was bland. The crust was decent but didn't help.    The 4 cheese gnocchi was the worst of all. It was swimming in a pool of butter. We asked the waitress if this was normal and even she was shocked. They quickly replaced it and the manager came over to apologize. Unfortunately the dish we ended up with was definitely not a 4 cheese gnocchi. This one was a bland pea and vegetable casserole with gnocchi sprinkled with a little cheese.   According to the other 2 diners with us, their Chicken wings and corned beef hash were good.  I definitely won't be coming back to this one anytime soon.	 1
The Flying Pig is such a hipster restaurant, I felt like I was in SF or Portland. The ambience was casual yet dressy and very lively. There was a nice variety of food and drinks on the menu and I like that they offer daily specials with family style options.  Here is what we ordered after looking contemplating over all the yummy options.  (Appetizer) Bone Marrow Cheese Bread- 4/5 Yum! If you like bone marrow and cheesy bread, this is match made in heaven. Super rich appetizer but so worth the calories.  (Side) Lobster Prawn Risotto - 0/5 I was really looking forward to this but sadly it was a goopy mess. You can't taste the lobster or prawns in it because the texture was so off putting.  (Side) Crispy Brussel Sprouts - 3/5 Average roasted bussel sprout dish. We packed most of the dish to-go since we were too full from everything else and the brussel sprout tasted much better the next day.    (Entrée) Chef's Seafood Duo - 5/5 I didn't order this dish but I did get to try a little bit of it and the fish was really flaky and flavorful. So good!  (Entrée) Red Wine Braised Beef Short Ribs (with Roasted Bone Marrow and Aged White Cheddar Mash) - 3/5 I picked this dish for my entrée and it was so much food. The meat was overcooked but I loved the wine sauce.  (Entrée) Maple and Mustard Crusted Pork Rack 5/5 This dish was also very delicious. The seared crusted on the pork was divine. My friend kept saying, "mmmmm, so so so good" with every bite. LOL  The food was phenomenal but the service is the reason why I had topped this place off with 5 stars. Our server, Joshua was awesome (thanks for boomeranging for us)! The Flying Pig was one of the many meals we had really enjoyed in Vancouver. The food speaks for itself but the service is just the cherry on top of why we love this city!	 0
This is s really nice restaurant, well worth trying if you are in the area. It's trendy, modern, nice, friendly, good service, great ambience, good food.  There is a nice upstairs area that looks romantic and good for a date night. I only wish we had made it for happy hour to take advantage of some good deals.    There was a crowd when we arrived in early evening on a Sunday, but we were quickly seated at the bar where you can order a full meal and be up close and personal to the very hard working bartenders and servers.   We ordered the three pea soup, which had scrumptious chunks of salty ham--oh my gosh so good! We ordered the porchetta special, another oh so good meal. I did add salt for taste, though my husband thought it was perfectly seasoned.   I tried the local BC merlot. I liked the first sip, but after that I am sorry to say, it hit me with a sort of a bite.  It's ok, I am a big advocate for supporting the local businesses and I am glad I contributed while in Vancouver.	 0
We had read other yelpers reviews before coming here. It was within walking distance of our hotel and located on the downtown Water Street area. They were quite busy when we arrived. There was probably a 20-30 minute wait so we opted for the bar. I've always found the service to be quicker and more personable there so we were good.  We ordered a Moscow mule for me and a glass of Merlot for the wife. Then after perusing the menu we decided on the slow roasted porchetta which came highly seasoned,  and with buttermilk mash potatoes and roasted vegetables....so big we spit it. It was delish and really filled us up and unfortunately no room for dessert.  Very nice restaurant, very clean and great service  I'm sure we will stop by next time we are in town!	 0
The menu at The Flying Pig looks delicious, but the execution was just ok. I came in with a larger group of 8, and they were able to accommodate us within half of hour of just showing up on a Friday night. We tried:  -Tasting Flight of Beers (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UgCd-C0pqt3sZwiEThjlpg&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg):  -Artisan Meat & Cheese Board (3 Cured Meats, Local Cheese, Spicy Olives, $7/person): It was a good mix of items, but nothing was really that great in my opinion. It's worth trying out if you want to sample a mix of meats and cheeses, but I would have rather ordered other dishes. -Red Wine Braised Beef Short Rib (Roasted Bone Marrow, Aged White Cheddar Mash, $21.50, http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=1USwf_15aDpvom4N7v8YtA&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg): Pretty disappointing- the short rib was on the dry side, and the mash was a bit lumpy. The bone marrow was just ok- skip! -Wild Seafood Pappardelle (Mussels, Clams, Fish, Prawns, Spicy Rose, $18.50): I didn't like this dish at all since the pappardelle was so thick, and all the seafood was overcooked- skip! -Crispy Brussels Sprouts (Lemon, Parmesan, Capers, $6): Not very crispy- I wouldn't get this version again. -Andrew's Pulled Pork Poutine ($7.50): I've had poutine in Montreal before, so this version wasn't my favorite.  -Lobster & Prawn Risotto ($11): Clumpy and too thick- I didn't like this dish at all. Skip! -Jumbo Short Rib Macaroni (Cabernet Cream Sauce, $9.50, http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6aC41CW62Gl5hWPgblv-Vg&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg): This dish looked cheesy and delicious, but it was bland.  -Bone Marrow Cheezy Bread ($6.50, http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=weWJvGvQWNQU7cnrry5coQ&userid=76vIFZcC7owykCBjMfGVXg): Surprisingly, this was probably my favorite dish. I loved how cheesy the bread was, but you couldn't taste too much of the bone marrow flavor.  It could have been an off night when we went, or it was too crazy busy for them to pay attention to the quality of all the food coming out of the kitchen. However, I didn't really like the majority of the dishes we tried, and wouldn't come back based on this experience. Service was pretty solid at least.	 1
I was ecstatic to try this place based on reviews. we come up from Seattle maybe once or twice a year so we're picky about food with our limited time. I had the braised beef rib. it tasted like it was braised in water. no wine , herb, vegetable flavor whatsoever. the marrow (and I'm a marrow fiend) was completely unseasoned as well, just roasted. put some garlic and parsley on there at least with some coarse salt and pepper for starters. completely unimpressed. the wife had seafood papardelle. pasta tasted fresh and sauce was OK but nothing to write home about. seafood quantity in ratio to pasta was lacking too. the squid was good, little soggy on the batter but doable.  I hope it was an off day because the reputation of this place was so far off from reality.	 1
Wow! Loved this spot. We were told about a place to go and the person later said.. oh, if the pourhouse is too crowded or too long to wait try the Flying Pig. It was amazing! Fun place with fantastic drinks and food!   Try the Bone Morrow Cheesy bread.  Wow!! You won't leave hungry or thirsty. They are very generous with their portions. Everything looked delicious! The atmosphere was perfect not too noisy and not too boring. Fun place!!!	 0
I can't even begin... This was the best decision I've ever made coming to Vancouver. Happy hour here is without a doubt the best thing to happen here.   Everything on the happy hour menu (apps) are around $7. Just get everything. They have $5 house wines and lager too. Don't bother dining later though I believe it would be just as good. For the price during happy hour though, you might as well come before 6 and order eveyrthing. That's what we did and NO REGRETS. deeeeeelicious.  Great atmosphere, amazing servers and even better food. You'll leave feeling so full and satisfied. Everything on the happy hour menu was worth it.	 0
This is a great restaurant and one of the best here in Gastown. I don't think you can go wrong here unless you order their crappy poutine lol.   I had their salmon sampler which had three varieties of salmon: smoked, tartare, and sashimi slice type. It came with cream cheese spread and mini toasts. This sampler is a great introduction to Vancouver and its salmon scene. It's a must try!   I also recommend having their bone marrow cheesy bread!! This is off the hook! The bone marrow just melts right off the bone and pairs well when spreading onto the cheese bread. The fat just tastes perfect! It literally melts off your tongue.   I would say go here when visiting Gastown because it makes a great starter into your food adventure.	 0
The experience at forage was awesome. The servers were very enthusiastic about the food, which to me is always a good sign about quality.  As this is not your typical dining experience (ie. order one plate for each person) they do walk you through the entire menu and advise you on the amount of plates you should order (about 3 or 4). Once your food comes they explain everything on the plate.  I highly recommend the charcuterie, but be mindful if you ask for more bread (its $5, and they didn't mention that when we asked for more bread)  The drink menu has a good selection. We stuck to beer and got the beer and snack plate. The snack plate when we were there consisted of pickles, egg, and kimchee.	 0
One of my top 3 favourite brunch spots in the city. The food is delicious, and the space has a friendly, homey feel. The servers are very friendly, and often make me laugh.  I am a big fan of Forage's fresh pressed orange juice, house made jams, rustic toasts, and that duck confit skillet is ridiculous if you're looking to indulge. I have yet to try a dish here that I haven't loved. Try their house smoked salmon benny, or the smoked tuna benny with lemon hollandaise if it's featured.   I love sitting in their little outdoor area on the picnic bench on summer days, or cozying up in a nook when it's cold out. Fantastic spot!	 0
Because my experience was really uneven, I have to rate this place by category.   Atmosphere: 3* - LOUD and not just a little. We were seated at the bar and a speaker was just on top of our heads. I understand they want to create an ambience, but if they could just lower a little bit the volume, that would definitely help to enjoy the Saturday morning.  - The decor was nice but the Christmas notes didn't fit it at all and looked out of place.  - It was not hot enough inside and by the end of my meal, I was so cold that I didn't want to hang out a little bit more to have a coffee.  Food: 2* The products used are good for sure but what you get in your plate doesn't exactly match what's written in the menu so you end up with unexpected flavors and in my case not of my liking. Out of 4 items, 4 were surprising and NOT in a good way:  1- The Mushroom sauté was good but let's be honest, it's pretty hard to miss that "side" dish. The Okanagan goat cheese on top was just ridiculous. You don't have pieces of cheese, but crumbs only: that just looks cheap. The rye toasts were so grilled that they were really hard and not pleasant to eat which tarnished my bf's experience with that dish.   2- For $4, the scones and honey butter are truly a bargain and where high quality, but AGAIN the flavors were not indicated in the menu and I was so surprised to taste lemon and dried fruits when I expected - and just wanted - to have a plain flavor. Also, the honey butter didn't smell good.   3- The bison hash was really good. You get a ton of thin bison slices. The hash potatoes with it tasted OK but were clearly not sautés enough. I took the leftover home, quickly grilled it and it was much better. It also came with house-made sauerkraut that I asked to have on the side and I'm glad I did because it was basically raw. AGAIN, it was not indicated in the menu. I grew up in a region where sauerkraut is a traditional dish and where it's cooked so I clearly didn't expect to have it raw, specially as it was written nowhere. Plus the slices were too thick. The hollandaise was luckwarm, however the sunny eggs were perfect according my boyfriend.   4- We ordered 2 extra turkey sausages and not only were they overcooked and dry but also they were VERY SPICY. I took a bite and just spited it right away.  Where on the menu was that written?! Let me tell you: NOWHERE! That was the final straw and that made me really angry. How hard is it to write the extra flavors of a dish, and in this case a major one, when they are already describing it?!   Service: 2* Service was OK. The waitress at the bar was friendly but SO INATTENTIVE and clearly lacked of professionalism.  - No water was offered to us at any point. We had to ask for it half way through.   - There was some crumbs on the table bar after we ate our first dish and no one came to clean it when our plate was taken away, meaning that not only we spent 15 minutes with a dirty table, but also that the next dish was put on top of it: GROSS!   - For our first dish, we were given two plates so my bf and I could share. When we were done, my bf's plate and cutlery were taken away but not mine, meaning I ate the next dish in the same and obviously dirty plate while he was brought a cleaned one. No one however was thoughtful enough to bring him new cutlery and after waiting for a few minutes, we had to grab some ourselves.   - The waitress barely checked on us. When she finally did as we were almost done, she didn't know how to react to our disappointment. She did ask if we wanted something else however, but that was just too late and when every single dish doesn't really match the menu, it's just pointless anyway. We clearly said (and she saw it too) what dish was disappointing and why we didn't like it but when came the bill, not gesture was to be seen. I'm not saying that it's mandatory, but it's very surprising for this kind of place and specially when you have very unhappy customers.   Going back? I'm really less than impressed by Forage. From the previous reviews, I expected a lot more but NONE of the dishes tasted like what was mentioned in the menu and while I'm not against creativity, when it comes to extra flavors that should be written somewhere, same as it is now for gluten-free, vegetarian, and nut free options. Far too many misses for very little hits on different aspects mean that no, I won't go back.	 1
A great concept but I felt like it was poorly executed. My reason was two fold.  The first was due to the lack of efficiency. We ordered food and waited for a while finally reminding the bartender that we still didn't receive our food. His only response was it was busy. Other customers who had ordered food after us had already received there's. Maybe instead he could of said "oh I'm sorry let me check on your order" instead.   The second reason for the poor execution was either the food was over salted or small portion size.   At the end of day my negative experience is subjective  in a sea of other positive opinions. I due wish the business  well but I won't be a returning anytime soon.	 1
I was debating to put a 4 or a 5 star but ended with the 5 because I can't put 4.5 stars.  Its a pricey place but man do you get the return on the plate and in your glasses.  As this is more of a sharing type of place we ordered the Bison steak, pork jowl carbonara and the Seared tuna.  All tasted great, I just thought the tuna could have been a bit more crispy on the outer but that s just me it didnt taint the dish or anything.  It was massive portion as usually in these kind of places you get so little for the price.  We did go a bit over and tried the Neufchatel cheese puff dessert and oh boy were we right! Absolutely gorgeous one of the best desserts Ive had in a long time and Im not usually a dessert person.  The drinks are boozy, I could only handle the one negroni!  Also service was a bit slow at the beginning (hence why I hesitated to put 5 at first) but our waiter was really good and pushed for us   I would recommend this place if you are a foodie or want to make it a special outing. If lived in Vancouver I would comeback!	 0
I ordered French toast with bacon and blueberry. They were fantastic!  The French toasts were soft and not very sweet. I liked the bacon stripes as well.  Came to visits Vancouver and I'm glad I found this place.	 0
Forage is a great place for a group meal, or an intimate dinner for two, but however large your party, make sure you're in the mood to linger over your plates, or you're going to miss out on some of the magic of the experience.    The main thing you need to know is that everything is local, seasonal and sustainable.  The menu changes with the seasons, with the exceptions of a few amazing staples - my fave is the foraged mushrooms with goat cheese and grilled rye caraway bread - and the dishes are served family style, so they're meant to be shared.  Make sure you go with someone whose appetites closely align with yours or who is as adventurous as you are.  Obviously everything is prepared super-fresh, so be prepared to chat and have a cocktail or two while you wait for your meal - trust me, it's worth it.  On my most recent meal here, my dinner date was running late (thanks, Translink), so I had a leisurely Kir Royale at the bar while snacking on some kale and apple chips, which were a great crunchy salty/sweet snack - do I detect some anise seed in there, chef?!  The wait staff is attentive and extremely knowledgeable, so make sure you ask questions about the menu, or the wine list.  They'll have great recommendations.  Our meal (there was a lot):    1.  Aforementioned mushrooms (so salty, so goat cheesy, paired wonderfully with the rye bread)  2.  Pan-roasted Haida Gwaii halibut, kasu brown butter, heirloom tomato cilantro salsa, and smoke potatoes:  OMAGAH.  The halibut had a delicious crust on it of I don't know what (salty! delicious! well prepared!) but what you really need to know about are the TOMATOES.  We agreed we could have eaten an entire plate of just the tomatoes, they were so flavourful.  3.  House-cured pork jowl and lobster mushrooms "carbonara", soft egg, aged cheddar: holy heck, this rich, fresh-made pasta was the bomb.  The portion was generous even for two people - we didn't finish it, but we did pick at it, quite a lot.    Our servers (yes multiple people waited on us) knew we had been hemming and hawing before we ordered about whether to try the charcuterie plate, and they brought it to us as a surprise following our meal.  The chicken liver parfait was delighful (and I don't even like liver), so much so I joked I was going to slide the little jar into my purse and take the rest home (I didn't).  Pickled walnuts are a weird but must-try kind of thing, which paired nicely with the pickled carrots and beets, seed crackers and IPA mustard.  If you're a charcuterie person, this plate is a must-try.  We were so full at this point we didn't even get close to looking at dessert, which gives me the sads, but it just means I need to go back soon.  We rounded out the evening with a long walk, which you'll need after a delicious meal here.  Definitely one of my favourites in town, and a special experience.	 0
Tapas done right. Can't go wrong with whatever you choose to eat when coming to Kingyo. Just make sure you order heaps of food!!!  Can't wait to go back!!!	 0
One of the best Japanese Izakayas in Vancouver, Ive been here multiple times with both friends and family and each time, its a delicious meal. Of all the things on the menu, our favourites are they short rib, pressed mackerel sushi and the chicken kaarage. They are known for the pressed sushi which are all topped interestingly making it a delicious bite! They fry their foods very well including the chicken and the ebi mayo! Their dishes are meant for sharing which means you get to try lots of items in a large group but it is delicious!   Overall, this is a top pick for a nicer/more expensive Japanese meal and similar to Suika, is on my favourites list!	 0
I LOVE THIS PLACE!   I went here because it was highly recommended by a local in Vancouver. This place was absolutely amazing!   FOOD: We ordered the sashimi platter and blue fin tuna sashimi. The fish was fresh and tasty. But the true highlight of our meal was the blue fin tuna sashimi that just melts in your mouth. It was so good! I've never tried anything this amazing before at all the sushi places we've been to. We also ordered the deep fried fresh corn, which was buttery and warm. The stone-grilled Kobe beef was an interesting meat dish that was extremely tender with a melt in your mouth meat that's cooked on a hot stone. Lastly, we tried the Kingyo Negitoro Sushi that was also yummy.   PRICE: Everything was priced pretty fair! The entire meal was roughly $70 before tip. Of course, the kobe and the blue fin tuna is a more expensive dish, but for sure worth the price.   SERVICE: Excellent service! I recommend coming here right when they open. When we got there, there was already a line forming 15 mins before they open! The service was friendly and fast even though it was super busy w/ a line out the door after we started getting our appetizers.   Definitely a must-try if you love sushi!   Happy Dining,   J Tran	 0
We went here during our vacation and were so glad our friend recommended this place! Sushi was fresh and delicious.	 0
We went here at 12:00 on a Sunday and was told there was a 45min to an hour wait. I usually don't like waiting, but it smelled so good when I walked in and the food that was passing by and on the table looked so good I decided it was worth the wait.   When we got in at 1pm, all the bento special boxes were gone. We decided to order the monthly special which was a pork donburi that came with miso soup and side of salad. We also ordered the Kobe beef on hot stone, salmon carpaccio, ebi tempura, uni sashimi, an octopus appetizer, hot large house sake, kingyo cocktail, beers.  Every single thing we had was amazing. I would totally come back here for the Kobe beef on hot stone and I would love to score that bento box. Try to come as soon as they open, perhaps on a weekday to score a limited bento box.	 0
I came here on a Sunday morning with the bestie. The first and only other time I came to Kingyo was for dinner with my boyfriend, but even before that I knew I would want to come here for their lunch menu. I noticed that there were many good reviews about the bento box- one which is only given to 10 special people each day! And I mean first come, first serve. We got there just after 11:30, but the restaurant already had quite a few people seated. We were sure we wouldn't be able to get the bento boxes, but to our surprise they were still available!   When our waitress first served us the bento boxes, I thought to myself that it didn't look like much food, and it would JUST be enough. There were so many little dishes to try in our bento- scallops, tomato kimchi, salads, tofu, chicken, tuna, and my favourite: pork belly. Eating the different items in our bento boxes was such an adventure! I made sure to plan it out right so that I could eat all my favourite items. In the end I was left with a few scraps of tofu and kimchi and a very full stomach. $20 was well worth it!  Amazing place to grab lunch or dinner, I would recommend if you're looking to try something new, or if you just love Japanese food!	 0
We always try to make this a stop when we come visit. We failed miserably this time around without making dinner reservations for party of six and ended up waiting 2+ hours for a bar table. It was so worth it.  What we swallowed:  SASHIMI: Ahi tuna, yellowtail, sockeye salmon and bluefin tuna (limited). Damn. This was delicious, so delicious we ordered another round.  DEEP FRIED FRESH CORN: Simple and surprisingly addicting. If you're a corn lover don't pass this up.   STONE GRILLED KAKINI BIBIMBOP: Tender pork belly mixed with pickled veggies and rice. Let it sit a bit before stirring so you get some crunchy rice bits on the bottom. This dish is so decadent the pork belly is well seasoned and blends beautifully with the rice. Another great dish.   UDON NOODLES WITH UNI CREAM TOPPED WITH CRAB AND SALMON ROE: We had toddlers with us and the Tan Tan noodles were spicy so this was our fall back. I didn't think they would like this dish but our 18-month old stuffed it in her mouth like it was going out of style. The uni cream was so decadent and flavorful, it was like a gourmet noodles-n-cheese on steroids. I would definitely order this again.  Frozen grapes served at the end of this fine dining experience.  No high chairs in this establishment so if you have a lil' toddler, they're lappin' it.	 0
This place is rated in the top 10 of all Vancouver restaurants and lives up to the hype. While waiting for the restroom, I in fact bumped into a gentleman who drives here from Seattle every month! Highlights are the exceptional tapas-style food (concept and execution both A+: in the top 99th percentile of most flavorful and highest quality food), and unique, zen-like ambiance which makes this place a must-go, especially if you're visiting Vancouver for the first time.  Wait time is 45 minute around 7-8:30pm - not too bad considering the plethora of bubble tea/waffle bars within 0.2-0.3 mi (5-7 min) walking distance.	 0
This might be one of my new favorite restaurants. We oredered the tuna tataki with ponzu jelly (off of the featured menu), snowcrab sushi, bibimbap and tan tan noodles. That tuna tataki was amazing with a dip sauce and fried garlic chips. It's unfortunate that it's not on their regular menu because it was my favorite dish of the night. The snowcrab sushi was subtle in flavour and a bit pricey, but creamy and delicious. The bibimbap with pork belly was amazing, but we wished the rice crisped up more in the stone bowl. We pushed the rice against the bowl and waited. It was very hard to demonstrate that willpower, but it still didn't crisp up. Finally, the tan tan noodles were good, but I had higher expectations considering it's supposed to be one of the best and unbeatable.  The customer service was high, just like other japanese establishments. I will definitely come back in the future!	 0
In addition to the lunch bento box, and the CHICKEN KARAAGE (best in town!), I would highly recommend the BIBIMBAP, which sizzles with melt-in-your mouth tastethanks to the pork belly pieces.  The CALAMARI with seaweed sprinkles is also one of my favourites. No other places have a batter that is as thick, crispy and flavourful as the one here.  The MACKEREL pressed sushi is delicious, as well, relying mostly on the melded flavours of the rice and mackerel for a zing.	 0
I am so so so sad that I am leaving this review and probably won't have kingyo for a long time because I'm not a local. This was the best place we tried in Vancouver by far! Who knew Japanese food was such a big thing in downtown? We got the Kobe beef, grilled miso cod sushi, tan tan mein, green tea creme brûlée and a couple cocktails. Everything was phenomenal!! The Kobe beef (of course) was super tender and delicious, even without the sauces they provide. You get to cook it yourself on this giant stone rock, which was also a cool experience! The grilled miso cod sushi was amazing, especially because I don't usually eat sushi bc I hate raw fish and this provided a great alternative. It's a daily or monthly special, but should definitely be a staple on their menu! The tan tan mein was also one of the best I've had. The broth looks super thick, but definitely well flavored and balanced. Moving onto the desserts/cocktails, you really can't go wrong with green tea + creme brûlée. It has kind of an icy consistency like ice cream, but they brûlée the top. Cocktails were all fruity and yummy!! (Probably dangerous bc it's hard to gauge how much you're actually drinking). All in all, BEST Vancouver eat by far!!	 0
A while ago, the bestie and I raced to Kingyo at 11AM on a Sunday morning for their special lunchtime bento boxes. So special, in fact, that they only serve 10 bento boxes each day! We were determined to be one of those 10 customers. However, being located in the heart of downtown, it was difficult to find parking so we arrived 30 minutes later than their opening. We were disheartened to see that there was already a lineup as we had assumed that this lineup of customers had the same mindset as us.  We were relieved to learn that this lineup was comprised of naive cruise ship passengers who did not have such insider knowledge about Kingyo's secret special lunchtime bento boxes. Tears nearly came to my eyes as our waiter told us that there were two left. We had made it after all!  Our food came to us on a large tray with twelve small, separate, unique items all intricately arranged in an orderly fashion. Each item had a different plate or bowl holding it. The presentation was so perfectly Japanese and I found myself taking 38529060 photographs, trying to capture the beauty of the presentation which was a feast (for the eyes, albeit) in itself.  All of the twelve items were delicious in their own way. I loved how each item surprised me with unexpected flavours and textures. For example, the slice of egg omelet (tamago) was surprisingly sweet; the pork belly had a creaminess to it; and the chicken karaage was perfectly accented with a hint of lime.   This meal brought me so much happiness. At $20, some might say that this was a pricey lunch but it was well worth the cost (and rush of getting there on time!), especially since they repeat the same bento box menu so, likely, you will only be eating this once.   To comment on the ambiance, I felt like I had been transported elsewhere. It is a mix of feeling like you are in a bamboo rainforest and an urban izakaya. I don't quite know how to explain it other than it feels like an atypical yet extremely authentic Japanese izakaya.  I can't wait to come to Kingyo for dinner and to try out their sister restaurants as well!	 0
Clean modern space in Chinatown. Parking is paid metered. There's a long communal table and window seats facing the street. We got the Sandwich with prosciutto, fig jam and Caramelized onions, a Brussels sprout salad, and an americano. Our friends got a delicious looking pasta salad with sausage .  It is a little pricey for the food but everything else was moderately priced. I love the space and concept  of a kitchen, grocery market , and coffee available all in one. There are also fresh flower  bouquets  by the entrance which makes a cheerful greeting.	 0
My best friend Kent and I found this place completely by accident while we were walking in the rain on the way home. We wanted to extend our visit with each other and shoot the shit so we came here. The place is very bright and open. There is a small section for coffee. It's part coffee shop and part grocery store. The prices for the coffee is fair market value with everything else in the area. Customer service is very awesome.	 0
We were walking past this new Italian deli and kitchen and it looked so appealing, we went in for a look. We met Alex who was warm and inviting and was the barista there. He thoughtfully made us a sample of milk chocolate hot chocolate. Gorgeous!!! He then offered to show us around at all the details of Dalinas and it was impressive. We bought some amazing items for a charcuterie we had the next night. I love this place. It reminded us of Italy when we stood up at the coffee bar to have our Italian espresso. Thankyou	 0
Okay I'm a crab fisherman's wife.  I can get crab anytime I want.  I do mean anytime. I'm giving Mike's Wok crab a 4 1/2 star rating.  That's only because the crab didn't come off our boat.   Actually I'm giving them a 5 star.  I honestly couldn't tell if the crab had been frozen or not and that's rare when I can't tell. The crab was done to perfection, not over cooked and not over sauced.  They let the crab do the talking. The restaurant was clean and well lit, with clean bathrooms.  The chef and his assistant had the stove running like a well oiled machine. A simple menu.  Congratulations Betty and Lou!!!	1
Wow... Loved this place.	1
Crust is not good.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The fries were great too.	1
A great touch.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Would not go back.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Highly recommended.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
did not like at all.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
The food, amazing.	1
Service is also cute.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So they performed.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
This was like the final blow!	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Service sucks.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Their chow mein is so good!	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
The portion was huge!	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
The service was meh.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
This place has it!	1
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Omelets are to die for!	1
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
We'll never go again.	0
Will be back again!	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
It was not good.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Good prices.	1
Check it out.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
The management is rude.	0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
this place is good.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Interesting decor.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Great brunch spot.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Won't go back.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
Waitress was good though!	1
Soggy and not good.	0
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
You can't beat that.	1
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I think not again	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Service stinks here!	0
I waited and waited.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
This place is amazing!	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Food was really boring.	0
Good Service-check!	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Fantastic food!	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
The food was very good.	1
Never going back.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The only downside is the service.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
You won't be disappointed.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
Everything was gross.	0
I love this place.	1
Great service and food.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
He was terrible!	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
It was delicious!!!	1
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
I won't be back.	0
They have great dinners.	1
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
The food was terrible.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
This is a disgrace.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Left very frustrated.	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
For service, I give them no stars.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
What a mistake that was!	0
No complaints!	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I never come again.	0
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
I'd love to go back.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Nothing special.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Will not be back.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The manager was the worst.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Very good, though!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
How awesome is that.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
And then tragedy struck.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Terrible service!	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Terrible management.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Worst martini ever!	0
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
I *heart* this place.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
After two I felt disgusting.	0
A good time!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Food was delicious!	1
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
I consider this theft.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Over rated.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
Not good for the money.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The food is good.	1
It was awesome.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
An absolute must visit!	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
I will not return.	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
This is a good joint.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Very bad Experience!	0
What a mistake.	0
Food was average at best.	0
Great food.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Both great!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
dont go here.	0
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Awesome service and food.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Damn good steak.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Good food , good service .	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
will definitely be back!	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
I was mortified.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Not my thing.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
It was way over fried.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Will not be back!	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The block was amazing.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
We will not be coming back.	0
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Mediocre food.	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I'm super pissd.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The service was terrible though.	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
It was packed!!	0
I love this place.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The food was terrible.	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Awful service.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Very poor service.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
They were excellent.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
I won't be back.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
We won't be returning.	0
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Very, very sad.	0
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
This place is disgusting!	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
Disappointing experience.	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
We won't be going back.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
This place lacked style!!	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It was equally awful.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
But I don't like it.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
Food was below average.	0
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Spend your money and time some place else.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
